[[0, '306 Lunar Landing Plates Year Released: 1979 Piece Count: 2 Minifigs: 0 List Price: unknown As part of the Classic Space Collection, Lego offered two sets of moon plates. One was a set of two crater plates, and the other, this very useful Landing Plate set. Not much to review, but worth sharing a few images: The landing plate: And T-Plate: The two plates connect to form this very nice Classic Space landing platform: Set 497, Galaxy Explorer included the landing platform, but the one that I had was lighter in color than the one contained in this set (at least the yellow circle). Future Lego space sets could benefit by having similar road plates. Share your thoughts.'], [1, 'These are my only space base plates from Classic Space. Actually, with only 2 plates, I could not do much serious expansion with it. Instead, I merged it with my old city baseplates, and used it as a docking station for scientific purposes or restricted facilities that is guarded by the police. These baseplates are very useful and is suited for creating a space command center, up in the space.\xa0\xa0'], [-1, 'These are pretty good, but I think they look too much like the standard town roads from that period. I like the black space plates from the early 90s better (6710).'], [1, 'CP5670, on Jul 7 2008, 10:04 PM, said: I like the black space plates from the early 90s better (6710). Awesome! I had not seen these before. They would really make nice plates for a SW Death Star scene. Thanks for sharing.'], [-1, "first, what i liked sooooo much was the cover of these plates, with this large picture of a classic space scene. I still have a '306' misb just to keep that nice feeling of taking it out of a plastic box, and look at it... there were different versions of the cover though. second, the markings of the landing platform changed at some point. i'd have to check it later when i'm at home, think it had something to do with the interupted yellow lines..."], [0, "WhiteFang, on Jul 7 2008, 11:42 PM, said: Actually, with only 2 plates, I could not do much serious expansion with it. Instead, I merged it with my old city baseplates, and used it as a docking station for scientific purposes or restricted facilities that is guarded by the police. You make a very good point there. I've used these plates to represent restricted areas, and even as simple airport runways, beyond their space uses. I never liked the black plates (they were during my dark ages anyway, so I've never really seen one up close), but I have seen them used in a Death Star display as suggested and it turned out fairly well."], [1, 'These plates are great in setting up your space base and giving your ships a place to land. My favorite, though, is the lunar crater plate, which I use to death in my comic. :)'], [-1, 'Why pay $350 Dollars, just download the instructions on buy the pieces off Bricklink. This is was I did when I wanted to create the Blacktron II in the Futuron colour scheme. Also I tend to like both sets of base plates, I bought the black ones myself and they were of great use but there more for creating the idea of a city or space station, something more completely man made. The gray ones give a better look of the roads being laid over bare rock especially when you introduce the plates with the craters. I would love to see a 48*48 baseplate with roads through them which would allow more building space on the side and maybe some craters. Also 48*48 baseplates with craters but a few different kinds to create more or a realistic look and less of a repeating pattern. And with all those rocks you have to put everything up on supports, much better looking bases then.'], [-1, "Lokix, on Jul 8 2008, 03:09 PM, said: Why pay $350 Dollars, just download the instructions on buy the pieces off Bricklink. That's the problem; the instructions aren't anywhere to be found, not that I've seen. The set does seem to have some rare parts, but I doubt $350 worth."], [1, "CP5670, on Jul 8 2008, 05:04 AM, said: These are pretty good, but I think they look too much like the standard town roads from that period. I like the black space plates from the early 90s better (6710). Oh how I love these plates. Afew years ago I found a local retail store with about 6-7 sets of these in their basement warehouse I was given special access to (along with MANY other old space goodies.. hehe..) I love the things, I have loads, and I've used them for multiple space bases and battles. Along with afew grey crater plates and the large grey plates (1.5x the size of a normal baseplate) you can get quite a monorail layout going. *sigh* I should really clean up and get one set up again, so I can take some pictures!"], [0, "Quote Oh how I love these plates. Afew years ago I found a local retail store with about 6-7 sets of these in their basement warehouse I was given special access to (along with MANY other old space goodies.. hehe..) I love the things, I have loads, and I've used them for multiple space bases and battles. Along with afew grey crater plates and the large grey plates (1.5x the size of a normal baseplate) you can get quite a monorail layout going. *sigh* I should really clean up and get one set up again, so I can take some pictures! Wow, nice. You probably have enough to make that scene on the box picture. I got one pack off ebay a while ago and have another octagon plate from the Blacktron 6988 base. I'm building my carrier MOC around one but don't have anything planned for the others. These baseplates are still relatively common on ebay for their age. I see MISB packs on there every few weeks and they tend to sell for around $20. The older kind (in the OP) are much harder to come by. Edited by CP5670, 09 July 2008 - 10:18 PM."], [-1, "KDog, on Jul 8 2008, 09:48 PM, said: That's the problem; the instructions aren't anywhere to be found, not that I've seen. The set does seem to have some rare parts, but I doubt $350 worth. By looking at the pictures used to display this set I've a sneaky suspicion it did not come with instructions but meant for the pictures to be ideas. The whole set was suppose to teach children to use their imagination, giving them instructions would somewhat defeat this while trying to figure how to build things from looking at pictures would be a much better educational experience."], [0, 'I also love these plates! I build a lot with them (e.g. this ). Unfortunately they are not available in bley ...'], [0, "Lokix, on Jul 11 2008, 03:00 PM, said: By looking at the pictures used to display this set I've a sneaky suspicion it did not come with instructions but meant for the pictures to be ideas. The whole set was suppose to teach children to use their imagination, giving them instructions would somewhat defeat this while trying to figure how to build things from looking at pictures would be a much better educational experience. But I don't wanna use my imagination!"], [-1, "Year Released: 1976 Piece Count: 53 Minifigs: 2 LEGO brought out floating boats quite early, and in many ways the first were the best. (I'll explain why later...) This set in particular is interesting as it came out in two versions; one that includes the first minifigs and another that included the non-armless type. (Set 709.) The police signs are stickers, and are in surprisingly good condition considering the age of the set. (I am missing one sticker on the front though.) Note the Technic Bush and Axel; they are the old type. The position of the second figure is not a mistake; I think he's supposed to be sitting down.... The first boats out by LEGO needed a weighted keel to prevent them.... keeling over. (I have tested this!) I suspect this is because of the density of the old hulls and the flat bottom... but I could be wrong. (It can't be just because of the flat bottom as the new cargo ship doesn't need one.) The keel in detail. The bottom extension is for a motor. (Not included, nor made by LEGO at the time.) The keel had longer studs. Even now it holds extra firmly. This is why I prefer the old design. You can extend or shorten the hulls as you please, or even insert other LEGO in the middle. You can easily add wheels or any other piece to the bottom of these hulls. I wish they would go back to this idea; the 4+ hulls were of this concept but were too wide. (Probably so the keel wasn't needed.) The old minifigs aside from having odd feet and no arms had a normal stud as the neck. Thus when you turn the head it tends to come off. I love this set!"], [1, "Great review Sinner. I own the later version, 709 released in 1977. Mine no longer has decals though. The variations were minimal. It looks like your boat is in really good shape considering it's >30 years old. Excellent review!"], [0, "TheBrickster, on Jun 22 2008, 01:41 AM, said: It looks like your boat is in really good shape considering it's >30 years old. Excellent review! I know; I got it for a song on eBay. Most 1970s sets don't seem to be in much demand..."], [0, 'How about "These Policemen are unarmed?"'], [-1, 'Hinckley, on Aug 1 2008, 10:41 AM, said: How about "These Policemen are unarmed?" You give a guy a holiday, he comes back a comedian. (It\'s too obvious for my taste.)'], [-1, "Sinner, on Jul 31 2008, 07:43 PM, said: You give a guy a holiday, he comes back a comedian. (It's too obvious for my taste.) Words hurt you know."], [-1, 'Nice review Sinner! The old sets... I donÂ´t know - every old set, especially equipped with the old non-moveable arms minifigs look very odd nowadays. I agree with you with the hull shape and its possibility to be extended, but every other aspect, the lack of detail, the keel itself (you canÂ´t float it in shallow water) keeps me from rating it higher than 3/10. In my opninion the best police boat so far is 4021 *click to enlarge*'], [1, "I love those minifigs, they'd go for alot on ebay I bet. Great boat as well, I love the old hull design."], [1, 'This set showed what potential variations on the standard brick had back then. I think that TLG was still finding its legs back then and learning new things so this is a solid set for the year it was released. Nice review Sinner.'], [-1, "Thank you for the nice review, Sinner. Holodoc, on Aug 1 2008, 08:59 AM, said: Nice review Sinner! The old sets... I donÂ´t know - every old set, especially equipped with the old non-moveable arms minifigs look very odd nowadays. I agree with you with the hull shape and its possibility to be extended, but every other aspect, the lack of detail, the keel itself (you canÂ´t float it in shallow water) keeps me from rating it higher than 3/10. In my opninion the best police boat so far is 4021 *click to enlarge* Well, if you're meaning REALLY old sets, than I agree with you, but a lot of the sets from the very late 1970s and onwards are still very nice. This set just isn't a good example, that's all. OH, and I also agree with you about that police boat. However, the newer one in the CITY line is also great, IMO. The only thing that weighs against it is the giant size, which makes it feel awkward in more classic towns. Edited by Grevious, 03 August 2008 - 06:30 PM."], [-1, "LOL! I can't help but smile everytime I see the quote on this thread..... don't worry these police are armless! LOL"], [1, "well what to say? i got this boat late 70s, when we were on our way to Italy to spend the holidays there. My parents always needed to keep my quiet during the 3-day trip, and the best way to do that was to buy me a lego set... I got this one in a gas station in Germany. As far as I remember Italy didn't have lego sets, so a gas station close to the Italian border but still in Germany or Austria was very often their last chance. I often saw large quantities of lego sets in those gas stations though... i remember seeing yellow castle and... the galaxy explorer, standing on a shelf. It would be my birthday 1-3 week(s) later so i always made sure they knew what to buy for me..."], [1, 'snefroe, on Aug 7 2008, 07:53 AM, said: My parents always needed to keep my quiet during the 3-day trip, and the best way to do that was to buy me a lego set... This still works nowadays. Quote I often saw large quantities of lego sets in those gas stations though... i remember seeing yellow castle and... the galaxy explorer, standing on a shelf. These were the times... Although I donÂ´t recall Lego sets in fuel stations in the past I would appreciate to see Lego "on the go" now. ItÂ´s holiday time and I have two sons, you know.'], [0, "So, you've been bitten by the classic bug too, Sinner. Great review; but one would think arms would come in handy (pun intended) when you are a police officer, right? It's a shame that many of the original figs must now be forced to stand looking like they have their hands in their pockets, eh? I have no idea where I was going with that last sentence..."], [1, "As you may have seen in my topic in general LEGO discussion, I received a bunch of old LEGO from my step-grandmother-in-law. Among the bricks were instructions and pieces for an almost complete set 345 from 1969. I was very excited to find this out, so I put it together. I recently took it apart and re-assembled it, taking photographs along the way for the sake of Eurobricks. So, without further ado, set 345: House With Car. First off is the car. This was still constructed in the bucket of bricks I received, so I never took it apart: Next I'll show you the instructions. Lots of added bricks per step, which was fun. However, the angle of the instructions sometimes made it difficult to find where things were supposed to go. The in-build shots. Finally, an all-around view of the finished set. Sadly, I don't have much time to post more pictures or thoughts. However, I'll try to come back and update the review later this week. Until then, enjoy!"], [1, "Nice review, 'Mariko'! This set is way past my time. The baseplate is okay (though I hate those dots). The car is pretty cool too..."], [1, 'Great review. I never had this set, but it looks nice. I really like the checker pattern near the big window.'], [0, "Way before my time, too--in fact, this set came out twenty years before I was born! The baseplate doesn't actually have dots--I'm not sure if they were there once, and then rubbed off (a possibility, as the studs are rather smoother than I imagine they once were), or if this particular one didn't have the dots. This set also shows that the difficulty LEGO has in doing vehicle scale isn't new. The house is the perfect size for microfigures from the LEGO Games; however, the car is massive--over twice as tall as a microfig!"], [1, "Great Review Mariko! This set is way before my time too. I like how LEGO used to create simple one story houses instead of the really tall house that we see in today's Town Theme, such as 8403 City House. One story houses such as 345 just look more realistic to my eyes. The simplistic, minimalism vibe that I get with this set is something that is hard to find in today's much more detailed sets (although, trust me, I love love love today's detailed sets). - The Brick is Epic"], [1, 'Image Link from Brickset I thought I would do a pic review of the 1st Lego Castle, The Yellow Castle, #375- released in 1978. First, let me say that this set was truly "ahead of it\'s time". It introduced new building concepts (such as the hinge and new figs (most were still the armless, faceless mini-figs during this time). This set introduced me to Castle which was my first real favorite theme. I enjoyed breaking it out from the garage and building it again. The majority of the pieces are 1x1, 1x2, 1x3, 1x4, 1x6, and 1x8 standard yellow bricks. The set also includes yellow 1x4, 1x6x2, and 1x8x2 arches, yellow 2x2, 2x3, and 2x4 bricks, various grey plates, 1x2 black inverted slopes, red drawbridge pieces, two classic red castle doors, 8 hinges (2 for each corner), and a few other nifty pieces including six red 1x1 windows. A complete inventory is available at Peeron: 375 Inventory. A view from the front. The drawbridge is 6x8. The front tower stands 12 1/3 bricks high (plenty of room for horses). The drawbridge does work. The string (originally black) is attached to the opposite side between a plate and the arches. The right side of the castle (identical to the left). I\'ve always loved the 2x2x3 sloped bricks (and corner pieces): The back. I love these red doors. A 1x4 brick attached to the other side of the baseplate keeps intruders out. That banner was the original sticker piece. Notice the wear. The rear tower, largest of the towers: And backside: Two hinges at each of the corners allow the corners to open for playability: Before opening: Open: Lots of arches add to the detail of the inner walls: Inner front: This set included 14 figs (how about that for quantity). Unfortunately, I peeled off worn stickers from the shields and the breast plates years ago. The blue castle guards and knights are the keepers of the castle. I still think that these helmets are the best Lego ever made. They just look good. The black and white knights: And the red knights: I\'ve always prefered to use the black and red guards and flags from the knight\'s joust set(s): Conclusion The Yellow Castle is truly a classic set and I\'m so glad I kept the pieces to this together after all these years. If you have a chance to buy one or even obtain the set instructions, it\'s worth building and wouldn\'t be difficult to substitute grey or other colors. I hope you enjoyed this review and feel free to share your comments.'], [1, "nice review! i haven't built yellow castle for many years, but i do remember the fun i had building it when i was young... Yellow castle just opened up an entire new world for me... also, i liked all the alternate models on the box :oD wish i still had that..."], [0, "There's two alternates on the back of the instructions and as I recall, some sort of bridge on the inner fold or back of box. I threw away the box to this set years ago- just lucky to still have all the pieces. With standard pieces, you can build all these alternates and many more. That's why I don't particularly care for the new castles (like Vladek's). They make building so difficult and duplicate pieces are so limited. Here's an old shot of the castle in the city that it use to guard. We played for hours back in these days,"], [1, 'Great review. It is nice to see an in-depth photo review of this set. I especially love the last picture of your old city! It certainly does bring back memories...'], [1, 'Yup that is very very nice..I wish I had been alive back then :D Well ill never have a chance to own something like this so this is as close ill get to it! Thanks for showing me the greatness....'], [0, "Question for you guys, what's the best way to clean Lego? I was noticing that the baseplates and gray plates to this set are very dusty and could use a good cleaning. Mild soap water soak? Is there a better way?"], [1, "Toothbrush and mild soap - and lots of time gently scrubbing a cleaning. And great review - I love that set *wub* *wub* I'm sorry that You seem to miss the stickers - If You find somewhere to download printable copies of them please let me know *satis* KimT"], [0, "snefroe1, on Dec 28 2005, 08:44 AM, said: nice review! i haven't built yellow castle for many years, but i do remember the fun i had building it when i was young... Yellow castle just opened up an entire new world for me... also, i liked all the alternate models on the box :oD wish i still had that... I found this pic of the inner box this evening in searching for sticker sheets: With castles like this, one could build a variety of mocs."], [1, "kimt, on Dec 28 2005, 02:52 PM, said: Toothbrush and mild soap - and lots of time gently scrubbing a cleaning. And great review - I love that set *wub* *wub* I'm sorry that You seem to miss the stickers - If You find somewhere to download printable copies of them please let me know *satis* KimT Thanks for the tip. I tried it on a few pieces and they look much better. Unfortunately, it does take a lot of time. I need a Lego cleaning machine with this many pieces."], [0, 'The original knights displaying their bright colored shields and breast plates (and a good wash helped to brighten them up).'], [0, "TheBrickster, on Dec 29 2005, 04:50 AM, said: snefroe1, on Dec 28 2005, 08:44 AM, said: nice review! i haven't built yellow castle for many years, but i do remember the fun i had building it when i was young... Yellow castle just opened up an entire new world for me... also, i liked all the alternate models on the box :oDï¿½ wish i still had that... I found this pic of the inner box this evening in searching for sticker sheets: With castles like this, one could build a variety of mocs. thanks! i remember the models for being such a good inspiration for mocs i'm also impressed by the colors of the shields! even a good cleaning wouldn't do that with my old shields... have you ever tried replacing the heads by modern heads, just to see how that would look?"], [0, "Quote i'm also impressed by the colors of the shields! even a good cleaning wouldn't do that with my old shields... have you ever tried replacing the heads by modern heads, just to see how that would look? Remember NEVER TRY TO CLEAN STICKERS! :'( KimT"], [0, 'You might find the stickers here'], [0, "ImperialJohn, on Dec 29 2005, 02:06 PM, said: You might find the stickers here I've searched that page before - It doesn't have the stickers, but it has a lot of other useful ones :oD TheBrickster send me a link to a page that has remakes of the good old classic shields and more, You can find it here [Thanks Brickster *satis* ] KimT"], [0, "kimt, on Dec 29 2005, 02:40 PM, said: ImperialJohn, on Dec 29 2005, 02:06 PM, said: You might find the stickers here I've searched that page before - It doesn't have the stickers, but it has a lot of other useful ones :oD TheBrickster send me a link to a page that has remakes of the good old classic shields and more, You can find it here [Thanks Brickster *satis* ] KimT Hey! Is there some reasonable way I can get these made into usable stickers?? Does someone provide this service? I am desperate to get stickers for my 5571 Modelteam Black Cat! I would guess you need a colour laser printer and sticker paper, and some fiddling around with the sizes, but I don't have any of the necessary materials. I knowsome guy on eBay sells home made stickers, but he has never sold these ones. Gyl"], [0, "kimt, on Dec 29 2005, 06:40 AM, said: ImperialJohn, on Dec 29 2005, 02:06 PM, said: You might find the stickers here I've searched that page before - It doesn't have the stickers, but it has a lot of other useful ones :oD TheBrickster send me a link to a page that has remakes of the good old classic shields and more, You can find it here [Thanks Brickster *satis* ] KimT From www.Classic-Castle.com, I opened the shield images, then copied and pasted them into PowerPoint. They do need to be re-sized. In US, I converted them to .59 inch width. You could do the same in cm by converting to 1.5 cm wide. I did the same with the torso stickers - same ratio. I ended up with a PowerPoint sheet of multiple shields and torso designs. Printed on sticker pages from a good quality photo-printer gives you very nice stickers. The hard part is cutting them. The results are the four knights pictured above. The web site also has Forestmen and custom torso and shield designs that are very nice."], [0, "gylman, on Dec 29 2005, 03:00 PM, said: kimt, on Dec 29 2005, 02:40 PM, said: ImperialJohn, on Dec 29 2005, 02:06 PM, said: You might find the stickers here I've searched that page before - It doesn't have the stickers, but it has a lot of other useful ones :oD TheBrickster send me a link to a page that has remakes of the good old classic shields and more, You can find it here [Thanks Brickster *satis* ] KimT Hey! Is there some reasonable way I can get these made into usable stickers?? Does someone provide this service? I am desperate to get stickers for my 5571 Modelteam Black Cat! I would guess you need a colour laser printer and sticker paper, and some fiddling around with the sizes, but I don't have any of the necessary materials. I knowsome guy on eBay sells home made stickers, but he has never sold these ones. Gyl A laser printer would burn the plastic sheet. All you need is a white or transparrent sticker sheet and an ink printer"], [0, "I've tried this once. Remember? Normal white sticker sheet in an ink jet and the transparent plastic on top !! P.S. The one on the right is the homemade one!!"], [0, "ImperialJohn, on Dec 29 2005, 05:11 PM, said: I've tried this once. Remember? Normal white sticker sheet in an ink jet and the transparent plastic on top !! P.S. The one on the right is the homemade one!! so you're using two layers (stickers) doesn't that make it very thick?"], [0, "Here's a shot of a custom forestman. These really work well: I'm using just regular sticker paper. How do you stick transparent plastic on top?"], [0, "i guess it's easiest to put the entire shield on a transparent sticker and cut the edges. i would also do that with the white stickers, because now you can still see the gray edges of the shield. Perhaps you can make a bigger black, or brown in the other case, outline. you also wouldn't be able to see if the sticker is exactly in the middle..."], [0, "Quote so you're using two layers (stickers) doesn't that make it very thick? Not really. I think it works out very fine. 1. Print out the image. 2. Put on the Plastic. 3. Cut out the image. 4. Apply on the part."], [0, "Wasn't this the first castle Lego released?"], [1, 'As stated in the first post, over 2 years ago, yes, it is. This is a wonderful review, The Brickster, and this would truly be a great set to own. *wub* ~Peace'], [0, "Indy565, on Dec 31 2007, 10:24 AM, said: Wasn't this the first castle Lego released? Hey Indy565, we try not to revive old threads (imded pointed out how old) unless there's something to add. Now this doesn't mean you can never revive an old thread, but just do it when there's a reason :-) Yes, I believe it is the oldest."], [1, 'Theme: Hobby Sets Set name: Harley-Davidson 1000cc Set Number: 394 Price (new): 260-280 $, 185-200 Euro Price (used): 14-175 $, 10-125 Euro Pieces: 143 Year of release: 1976 Links: Peeron, Bricklink and Brickset Looking at the release date of this set makes me remember the good old times when LEGO sets stayed in production and could be found in stores for long years. Yes, I hear you younger FOLs say this meant we had less variety at the time, but at least we did not have to go on a frenzy to get them all in just 1 or 2 years before they disappeared (to re-appear on the secondary market at crazy prices). Anyway, I also realise this set is older than me by 5 years (at least the first boxes of this set). I think my parents bought it when I was something like 1/2 year old, or even before, as my Father really liked the Hobby Set line and took any chance to get one, you know, for the kids, when theyâ€™ll be old enough to play with themâ€¦ I am really happy my Father did it, too. As a matter of fact, this has always been one of my favourite non-minifigure scale sets. I know younger eyes will look on it and wonder how we could love and enjoy a model like this, so blocky and rough. Just remember this was the best TLG designers could do with the bricks available at the time. Enough about memories; letâ€™s start with the review! The Box Front The front of the box (here cut and folded to save space) shows the Harley Davidson 1000cc in all its glory upon a nice town landscape. I really appreciate how TLG box designers used a real life photo of the model in a real life environment to give this Hobby Set a better background. Moreover, the landscape does not distract the eye, even with its lights, since the focus is strongly set on the motorbike itself. Back (and sides) The back of the box shows the model on a more neutral background and from another angle. We can see the stickers in place (take a good look at them here, because I did not apply them). The right side we also see a pic of the set from the front, and one with a child playing with it. In this latter shot, the model rests upon a nice black box with a Harley Davidson sign on it. I frankly do not remember if this was some sort of tray or smaller box within the LEGO one or if it is meant for publicity only. Another thing we can notice on the right-most side of the box is a white band, right below the LEGO logo, sporting the sign â€˜Designed for experienced LEGO buildersâ€™ in various languages. All in all, a really well done and professional job. Contents Inside This set includes a number of parts in mainly Black, White and Light Grey. Some Blue and Yellow add nice touches of colour to the total. The partsâ€™ selection is not mind-blowing, as most of the pieces had been in production, in these same colours for years. Anyway, Iâ€™d like to focus on a couple of details: The Milky White Technic axles as well as the Red Technic Bush Old 2 are among my favourite parts. The bushes, in particular, are quite useful to build more sturdy looking tubes than what can be achieved with the newer and slimmer ones. It would seem that the tile pieces appeared in the â€˜without groveâ€™ version as a standard and in the â€˜with groveâ€™ version as alternates (see Bricklink inventory). Notice, though that the box (above) and instructionsâ€™ (below) pictures all show the â€˜with groveâ€™ variety. As said, there are no re-coloured parts in this set. New pieces The few new molds used in this set are: Black and White Slope, Inverted 45 2 x 2 Old Type with Round Bottom Tube, Black Technic, Brick 1 x 2 with Hole Type II and Red Hinge Plate 2 x 4 with Articulated Joint â€“ Male and Female. The most interesting piece from this lot, as many of you will have noticed is the Technic, Brick 1 x 2 with Hole Type II. This kind of technic brick was use during 1976 and 1977 only. It would seem TLG tried a new design variant, which did not meet success and was later replaced with the standard bricks again. Nonetheless, Iâ€™m sure that people who own these bricks like them for the unusual design and the possibilities they offer into adding details to their creations. Instructions Cover â€“ As usual, the instructions are not organised in the form of a booklet, but they consist of a folded double printed sheet. The â€˜coverâ€™ shows again the same shot as the front of the box, with bigger LEGO logo and set number and without the other additional information. â€˜Back coverâ€™ â€“ Here we see the full name of the set: Harley-Davidson FLH 1200. This makes me wonder: why is this set known as 394 Harley Davidson 1000cc when it is indeed a 1200cc? Anyway, what really makes me love this page is the list of stats below the photo, and in particular these two lines: H.P. (?)/(not given). This calls for just one question: why did Harley-Davidson not release this info? My opinion is that since this is a motorbike built for the Police, they did not have permission to share the specifications on the motor, which was probably customised either by Harley-Davidson upon request or by the Police themselves. â€˜Random pageâ€™ â€“ As expected, no call-outs here, but the build is pretty straight forward and does not need them (apart for one passage weâ€™ll see later). The colours are easy to tell apart (in the end there is no Dark Grey in this set that could be confused with Black). Again, notice how the instructions include the â€˜with groveâ€™ tiles and not the older ones. Maybe this was changed during the long time this set stayed in production? The â€˜last pageâ€™ shows other four models included in the Hobby Set line. Unfortunately, I own only one of them: the 396 Thatcher Perkins Locomotive. Indeed, I would have liked to have them all! Building Start The handle bars look a bit too squared to me, but itâ€™s just a minor feature, and the overall shape is still good in my opinion. Notice the red hinge plate, which will be almost totally hidden in the finished model (see below), and the blue tiles which work as indicators. The first steps, used to build the front wheel and windshield are really easy, until you get to the wheel. In facts, the instructions do not show clearly all the pieces needed for it, and I found myself with a â€˜floatingâ€™ wheel for the absence of one of the Red Technic Bush Old 2 on one side (the one not visible on the instructions, of course). Not a big deal, but something that could have been done better. Motor and seat The second part of the build includes the motor, seat and â€˜saddle bagsâ€™. The technique used for the motor, or better the radiator, is very clever. To get the ridged feel, TLG designers used 4 Light Grey plates stuck one on the other but not completely in contact. This way, the studs, while keeping the plates in position, keep them raised from one another at the same time. The Yellow round bricks add some details and colour touches to this predominantly Light Grey parts of the vehicle. The use of the Engine, Smooth Small, 1 x 2 Side Plates for the exhaust pipes, while quite clever, still looks a bit strange to me. Iâ€™m mostly used to see them in airplanes, helicopters and spaceships. â€˜Saddle-bagsâ€™, a simple build for one of the iconic parts of this motorcycle. Here you see them in place, as well as get a look at the finished seat. I like how LEGO designers managed to make its shape with just a few quite big bricks. The â€˜saddle bagsâ€™ are a really nice touch, and they work perfectly when compared to the original. This is the rear wheel. As said before, only when you get to this passage in the instruction you get a real understanding of how the front wheel is supposed to be mounted as well. Careful readers will notice how this is not one of the original wheels in this set. The original ones were mounted using the Technic, Gear Expert Builder 9 Tooth. Unfortunately, I could only find one of them in my collection, an itâ€™s used as the front wheel. By adding the rear wheel (which is shown from a better angle in the instructions), we complete the model. Notice how the two technic bricks supporting the wheel are held in position by two 2x1 plates. I think this was a bad case of â€˜building by compartmentsâ€™ mentality: if TLG designers had considered this a bit more, they would have used 2 4x1 plates instead of 4 2x1. On the other hand, this is not the worst case I have seen in a LEGO set, and they keep up the tradition nowadays too. Finished set Front And here it is our fancy Police Harley-Davidson! Indeed, the front looks blocky and quite horrible to our eyes, but again, it was almost the best that could be done at the time. I only wish they had made it a little less bulky, even though this build is clearly thought to give better stability to the wheel. The Blue tiles work nicely to emphasise the indicators, the slightly unsightly red plate is normally covered by the plate sticker and the windshield, albeit being hard to see through, is nicely shaped. Back The back side is less detailed than the front, but shows the red light and antenna which are typical of the Police motorbikes from this period. How many times have we seen this angle in the chase scenes from TV shows like â€œCHiPsâ€\x9d? Side All in all, this model looks pretty sturdy (apart for the antenna, which falls off all too easily) and detailed, especially considering the limited variety of parts available and used at the time. They even got so far to put a 2x2 tile as kick-stand to display it without fear of it falling on the sides! Bonus images Size comparison? What I never understood about this set is what scale it is meant to be. I mean, it is clearly not minifig-scale, and it could not be technic-fig-scale (those came later). But it is not even Miniland scale! Moreover, the only other model with the same scale is the other Hobby Set motorbike, as the cars have a scale of their own and the Thatcher uses still another one! Final comments Overall, this is a great set for collectors of old models and motorbike fans, or both. It does not sport a huge variety of bricks, but was a good choice at the time, and even if the result is matter-of-fact blocky when compared to the original, it implements some good solutions to minimise the LEGO brick appearance and maximise the similarity as much as possible. Design & Colour scheme â€“ 9/10 (The design is as accurate as possible, apart for the front mudguard maybe, and the colours are completely in line for a Police vehicle. The solutions and details included in this set justify the â€˜Expert buildersâ€™ label and add to the appearance, and, why not, playability of the model.) Parts - 8/10 (Not a huge selection, and very few new molds. Nonetheless, a good source of Black and White standard parts for MOCs and one of the few sources for the extra rare Technic, Brick 1 x 2 with Hole Type II pieces.) Playability - 9/10 (A sturdy model which can take some serious play and swoosh-ing without falling apart. The easily detachable antenna and the lack of an appropriate scale interaction with most other models make it lose one point, though.) Build - 7/10 (Pretty straight forward, with few nice solutions and an already mentioned slightly obscure passage in the instructions.) Price - 5/10 (Like most older models, especially the Hobby Set and Model Team ones, this set can be found at reasonable prices only rarely. Most of the times, people are asked shameful prices for such a smallish set.) Overall: 8/10 Very good. As always, questions, comments, and pic requests welcome! Edited by WhiteFang, 17 April 2011 - 06:19 PM. Indexed'], [1, "Great job on this review of a unique and rare set LuxorV! Considering the year it was released, this must have been a cool set back then. Even up to now with all the specialized pieces and advanced building techniques, I could still appreciate the beauty of this brickbuilt Harley-Davidson police motorbike. The various elements are instantly recognizable and it even has the unusual 'partly-stacked' plates technique for the motor. Overall, I'd say this is an above average set that is a must-have for any hardcore LEGO collector."], [1, 'Great review! The set is really nice, I love that the front of the motercycle can turn and the engine is just beautiful, with its half stacked bricks like KielDaMan said. The price used or new is quite a bit, but there is a good variety of bricks here like the bricks inside the wheels. Did you get this set from your father? Great review LuxorV!'], [1, "LuxorV this is an awesome review. The classic-ness of this set is just lovely. It's so easy to just fall in love with this set. You're review is outstanding as well, the pictures are so clear and the review is just solid. You've really polished your reviewing skills"], [1, 'Wow, talk about illegal connections, eh? Great review. I really like this set, even for its age'], [1, "Thanks for the feedback guys! Indeed this is a great set, and I'm very attached to it. As far as I remember, I got it for say my 2nd birthday, I think But it is not my first LEGO set. You'll learn more on this in my next planned review"], [1, "LuxorV, this is a well written presentation on this LEGO Vintage review. I never knew the existence of this set and even though the design is not part of the modern LEGO design concept but the overall appeal back in the 1970s certainly appeal to many. I could not mind to own such vintage LEGO model and put them on display and potray as if it was a chart of evolution of LEGO motorbikes. Thanks for sharing and I can't wait to find out your next review."], [1, "Thanks 'LuxorV' for this review of such a classic old Lego set and I do remember seeing these in a catalogue years ago. Excellent brick-built police cycle, I think it's time Lego did another one eh ? Brick On Ride On Everyone !"], [1, 'Great review for a classic model. I love it.'], [1, 'Theme: Hobby Sets Set name: Thatcher Perkins Locomotive Set Number: 396 Price (new): 369-450 $, 258-314 Euro Price (used): 100-355 $, 45-250 Euro Pieces: 434 Year of release: 1976 Links: Peeron, Bricklink and Brickset My Father assures me this is the very first LEGO set I ever got. In facts, he gave it to me as a present for my first half year. Of course, that is to say he bought it for himself and used me as the official excuse! When I grew up, at first I found it to be quite boring: no minifigures, limited play features; in the end, it was just a locomotive! It soon went to forgotten-land. Then, when I was about 10 years old, I one day found again the instructionsâ€™ â€˜bookletâ€™ and saw this bright coloured big steam engine, and I suddenly wanted to build it again. It would seem I finally got to the right age (at least for me) to appreciate the design of this great set. But enough about memories; letâ€™s start with the review! The Box Front The front of the box (here cut and folded to save space) shows the Thatcher Perkins Locomotive in all its glory upon a nice countryside landscape. I really appreciate how TLG box designers used a real life environment made of sand, gravel and pebbles to give this Hobby Set a better background. Moreover, the landscape does not distract the eye, since the focus is strongly set on the locomotive itself. The box measures about 39.5 x 24.5 x 5.5 centimetres, or 15.56 x 9.65 x 2.17 inches. This is more or less the size of the 4840 - The Burrow, or the Advent Calendars. Back (and sides) The back of the box shows the model on a more neutral background and from another angle. We can see the stickers in place (take a good look at them here, because I did not apply them). The right side we also see a pic of the set from the (3/4) back, and one with a child playing with it. In this latter shot, the model rests upon a nice black box with a Thatcher Perkins sign on it. Unlike the Harley Davidson 1000cc set, the Thatcher Perkins does not have the sign â€˜Designed for experienced LEGO buildersâ€™ for some reason. Contents Inside This set includes a large number of parts, mainly Black, Blue and Red, with some nice Yellow to lighten it up more. Parts of interest The partsâ€™ selection is not exceptional, but weâ€™ll see this set includes some unique pieces which have not been in LEGO sets for long years since the 1980s, like the very nice Black Plate, Modified 1 x 2 with Steam Engine Cylinder, Flat Surfaces, Black Train Wheel Spoked for Motor and the Red Train Steam Drive Rod Holder - Train Steam Drive Rod group. The Wheel Spoked Large, as beautiful as they were, saw the light from the production line for the last time in 1976! The only new mold used in this set is the Black and Blue Slope, Inverted 45 2 x 2 Old Type with Round Bottom Tube. As you can see in the above picture, this locomotive was designed to work (well, be played with) on all kind of surfaces, so the wheels sport tyres. In this picture you can see how they look without the tyres. Of course, builders can use the Thatcher Perkins on their brick-built tracks. Another group of interesting parts are shown in this pic: Red Wheel Spoked 2 x 2 with Stud (and tyre), Black Brick, Modified 2 x 4 with Wheels Holder Old, Clear Bottom and Yellow Minifig, Head (Plain) - Stud Solid. Many newer fans will not be familiar with the last two parts: they were standard fare in a number of sets between the 1960s and early 1990s, but then (unfortunately) they were taken out of production. To be fair, the replacement of the Black Brick, Modified 2 x 4 with Wheels Holder Old, Clear Bottom with the standard technic parts was probably due to the fact that the metal pin used to connect the wheels to these bricks had a shameful tendency at getting off the wheel. Too bad it could not be fixed and these parts kept in production. For those interested, here is a picture of the DSS, courtesy of Peeron. Instructions Cover â€“ As usual, the instructions are not organised in the form of a booklet, but they consist of a folded double printed sheet. The â€˜coverâ€™ shows again the same shot as the front of the box. â€˜Back coverâ€™ â€“ Here we see the name of the set and some additional information, like the year when the first Thatcher Perkins started working (1863) and the type (4-6-0) of this locomotive, which, as shown in the image, is related to the number and position of the wheels. On a side note, the pencil signs on the sides of the sheet were made by my Father while counting the parts in the set. â€˜Random pageâ€™ â€“ As expected, no call-outs here, but the build is pretty straight forward and does not need them. The colours are easy to tell apart. Full page â€“ As you may have noticed, all the building steps are drawn on one side of the â€˜bookletâ€™, making it more properly an instructionsâ€™ sheet. What really makes this â€˜instruction bookletâ€™ stand out in my eyes is the fact that it is indeed a poster: the building steps are all on one side, while the other is a bigger image of the completed set with the name Thatcher Perkins in yellow enclosed in an old styled red tag. Building Start The build starts with the base of the locomotive, putting the 10 wheels in place and strengthening the engine. Notice the use of this â€˜illegalâ€™ technique to build the bumpers. LEGO, as we all know can be a tricky medium to build with, and some details need special solutions to be completed. We then start building the boiler and cabin. Going up fast and steady! In the penultimate step, we build the chimney and cow catcher. Iâ€™d like to spend a few more words on the chimney and how it is attached to the main body. As you can see in the left picture, the 3x3 base of the chimney is asymmetrical, with a 3x2 base on one side and a combination of a 1x2 and a 1x1 plates on the other. In the right picture, you see the top of the main body where the chimney will be attached; it is made of a 1x2 base and 1 1x2 tile. Using another â€˜illegalâ€™ technique (or at least one LEGO designers do not like much nowadays), the holes of the 3x2 plate of the chimney will connect with the studs of the 1x2 plate on the main body, giving a well centred and quite sturdy build. Finished set Front The front of the model sports 3 big headlights, a nice cow catcher and the nicely detailed engine front. I can almost hear it whistle! Side And here it is our good old Thatcher Perkins Locomotive! Indeed, it looks like a classic and powerful engine form one of those Spaghetti Western films, doesnâ€™t it? What I found strange in the beginning is the choice of colours (I was convinced steam engines were all black, at the time). Then I checked some pictures of the original, and I must admit the resemblance is almost perfect! Back The back side is less detailed than the front, with cabin almost devoid of details. I think LEGO could have done a better job on it. 3/4 Front and â€¦ Just see how good it looks from this angle, with all the tubing, moving parts and the lovely 3 headlights! â€¦ 3/4 Back The back view is not as impressive, but grants us a good look at the big posterior wheels and the bumpers. Bonus images Size comparison? As I stated elsewhere, I never understood what scale these Hobby Sets are meant to be. They are clearly not minifig-scale, and they are not technic-fig-scale either. But they are not even Miniland scale! Moreover, they use different scales between locomotives, cars and motorbikes amongst the Hobby Set line! As I said before, the set comes with tyres on the wheels to allow a wider playing experience, not limiting this model to tracks. Nonetheless, builders can assemble their own track (maybe using the vintage blue 4.5V tracks) and make the Thatcher Perkins run its proper environment. Final comments Overall, this is a great set for collectors of old models and steam engines fans, or both. It does not sport a huge variety of bricks, but was a good choice at the time, and even if the result is matter-of-fact a bit blocky when compared to the original, it implements some good solutions to minimise the LEGO brick appearance and maximise the similarity as much as possible. Design & Colour scheme â€“ 8/10 (The design is as accurate as possible, and the colours are completely in line for the Thatcher Perkins Locomotive. The solutions and details included in this set justify the â€˜Expert buildersâ€™ label and add to the appearance, and, why not, playability of the model. Though, I still wish TLG had included more details in the cabin.) Parts - 10/10 (Quite a big selection, but only one new mould. Nonetheless, a good source of Black, Blue and Red standard parts for MOCs and one of the few sources for the extra rare Black Plate, Modified 1 x 2 with Steam Engine Cylinder, Flat Surfaces, Black Train Wheel Spoked for Motor, Red Train Steam Drive Rod Holder - Train Steam Drive Rod group and Wheel Spoked Large.) Playability - 9/10 (A sturdy model which can take some serious play and swoosh-ing without falling apart. The somewhat easily detachable chimney and the lack of an appropriate scale interaction with most other models make it lose one point, though.) Build - 7/10 (Pretty straight forward, with few nice solutions.) Price - 5/10 (Like most older models, especially the Hobby Set and Model Team ones, this set can only rarely be found at reasonable prices. Most of the times, people are asked shameful prices for such a smallish set.) Overall: 8/10 Very good. More pictures can be found in this Brickshelf gallery. As always, questions, comments, and pic requests welcome! Edited by Rufus, 10 July 2011 - 07:05 PM. Indexed'], [1, "Rare classic sets are always a priceless part of any LEGO collection, and it's a good thing you still have this first set of yours Luxor (or did you purchase a new one?). Excellent review BTW, it's always a pleasure getting a closer look at these classic sets which I wouldn't have known to exist had I not seen this review. Overall I think it's a really good set at that time, of course judging this one by modern standards won't be fair but at the time I'm pretty sure it was a 'cool' set to have (though less cooler than having the Harley Davidson set)."], [1, "Thanks for the review 'LuxorV', an interesting old set, though I find it hard to imagine a square smoke stack instead of roundish. It truly has that classic Lego simplistic build with all studs showing and making do with standard partsm except the few you havepointed out 'LuxorV'. A nice flashback 35 years ago....now thats old school anyway Brick On everyone !"], [1, "Thanks, Luxor, for bringing us this excellent tour round an old classic! For its time, this is truly a remarkably detailed and beautiful set, and I think it's amazing how it's still in such good condition after all this time. Do you have any more from this era (excepting the Harley, of course )? I've created a whole new index to put them in"], [1, "KielDaMan, on 10 July 2011 - 11:43 AM, said: Rare classic sets are always a priceless part of any LEGO collection, and it's a good thing you still have this first set of yours Luxor (or did you purchase a new one?). Excellent review BTW, it's always a pleasure getting a closer look at these classic sets which I wouldn't have known to exist had I not seen this review. Overall I think it's a really good set at that time, of course judging this one by modern standards won't be fair but at the time I'm pretty sure it was a 'cool' set to have (though less cooler than having the Harley Davidson set). Thanks Kiel. I can grant you that's the same old one I got as my first set. I'm very glad to have it lightningtiger, on 10 July 2011 - 12:21 PM, said: Thanks for the review 'LuxorV', an interesting old set, though I find it hard to imagine a square smoke stack instead of roundish. It truly has that classic Lego simplistic build with all studs showing and making do with standard partsm except the few you havepointed out 'LuxorV'. A nice flashback 35 years ago....now thats old school anyway Brick On everyone ! Indeed, this set must be valued in relation to its own time and style. I was considering making an 'updated' version with current parts, but I'm not sure if/when I'll have the time for it. Rufus, on 10 July 2011 - 07:09 PM, said: Thanks, Luxor, for bringing us this excellent tour round an old classic! For its time, this is truly a remarkably detailed and beautiful set, and I think it's amazing how it's still in such good condition after all this time. Do you have any more from this era (excepting the Harley, of course )? I've created a whole new index to put them in Interesting that you had to create a new index for them , but these two are the only ones I have for now. Maybe other members will be ble to contribute to it in the future"], [1, "INDEXED 410 â€“ Payloader Theme: Legoland/Vehicle Piece Count: 28 Year Released: 1973 MSRP: ??? Links: Brickset, Lugnet, Peeron, Bricklink *Note: This set was released under the number 604 outside of the U.S.* Ah, classic Legoland. A time before mini-figs ever existed, and cars and buildings could be made with just a few bricks. The part selection was pretty basic: bricks, plates, slopes, windows and wheels were all you needed to construct an entire town. Heavy machinery could be modeled in 4-wide and be just a few bricks tall. For this review we will be taking a look at the 410 Payloader, one of LEGOâ€™s first sets of a bucket loader. So grab a hard hat, we are heading to the construction yard! Box image courtesy of Bricklink. Box Contents Here we have our instructions which are obviously the older style of LEGO instructions. The steps used much simpler imagery, but they get the job done. They show how to build the Payloader in seven steps. This small set has all of 28 parts in it. The more interesting parts of note are the red digger arm, the bucket, the blue 1X2 brick with arm holes, and the blue 2X2 brick with the classic LEGO logo printed on it. Construction In the first few steps we start building up the base. Then add the arms and start building the cab. Add the bucket, the trailer socket and finish the cab. Throw on some wheels. Completed Set And with that we are finished with our nice small model. Here is the back right side. Notice how the back of the cab was left with an empty spot. Here is the left side. Notice how on the top of the arm they made it so you could just push down on the tips it to make the arm lift instead of having to grab by the arm itself. On the front we have the nice LEGO logo shown to remind the forgetful of what they were playing with. You can also see how much space is in the bucket itself, which can't hold more than a few small plates. Finally on the back we have the trailer socket. This was a nice addition to make it able to tow trailers from other sets like 685. Just donâ€™t try to bring it into your layout populated by mini-figs, they may have a problem trying to get in. Other Thoughts Considering this set is nearly 37 years old, I myself am still surprised by how well the bricks have held up. I purchased this set from a thrift store a year ago for a mere 25 cents. Normally when used LEGO is purchased you can expect to see scratches, marks, wearing, discoloration, etc but boy was I surprised to see how all these parts are in mint condition. Even the instructions still looked like they came from a new box and not all ripped up and tattered. The pieces still connect to each other nice and tight and the metal pieces for the wheels haven't rusted. This just shows that with proper care these things can last a lifetime. I really would like to get a small display case to show it off. Conclusion Playability: 8/10 In addition to the standard of having rolling wheels, you also get a fully movable bucket assembly. With it you can pick up smaller pieces and unload them into a dump truck. Design: 7/10 Like all other Legoland vehicles it has a very basic design, but you can still easily identify what it is. Simple yet effective. Parts: 7/10 Like most other older LEGO sets, all you really get are a few basic bricks and plates. However, you do get a bucket assembly and the 2X2 brick with the classic LEGO logo on it is very cool. It was also nice of LEGO to include the trailer socket so you could tow around your trailers. Price: 8/10 Bricklink's history shows them to sell for around $10 USD used. While that is a bit much for a set this size, it is pretty good considering this set is over 37 years old. However, if you are looking for a new boxed set be prepared to fork over about $50 USD. Overall: 8/10 This small machine would make a nice addition to your collection as a reminder of LEGO's past. So what are your thoughts on this classic set? Edited by TheBrickster, 01 June 2010 - 05:55 AM."], [1, "Thank you very much for this wonderful review! This is the oldest Lego set in my collection. I received this model from my grand parents many years ago - I'm not exactly sure who in my family it used to belong to, but it has a home with me now. It's a very simple but attractive looking vehicle, and functions pretty well too. Overall, very nice."], [1, "Thanks for the great nostalgic review! Great pictures, I love the shiny glow of 37 year old bricks! Sets were simpler back then, but not less exciting in their own way. I wasn't even born in 1973, but one of my first sets was the 1982 update of this, 6630 Bucket Loader. Almost 10 years later, but the very same bucket assembly, only the colours have changed."], [1, 'Nice review! Great nostalgic set, like you said, it has nice design-Simple yet effective! I like construction vehicles, so this set has even bigger impact on me!'], [1, "Ah, the good old days........Thanks for the review 'Yoshi648' - CUTE and COOL at the same time. It's interesting to see that the same front end parts had been used from the early 70's up in to the late 90's ! Nice again to step back in time and keep on bricking everyone !"], [1, "I voted 'Outstanding.' Regarding this set, I found mine at a consignment store. It was inside of a larger set from the same time period."], [0, "Woah. 25 cents for a mint condition set! That's amazing."], [0, "Well, it's not exactly a large shuttle, but still a nice set: 442 Space Shuttle Year Released: 1979 Piece Count: 79 Minifigs: 1 Vehicles: 0 List Price: unknown This little classic was my smallest classic space set. Believe it or not, I still have the box: Here's the back: The instructions are pretty tattered and missing a section. I had to download some from the web: But the ship is again intact, missing only one grey 1x3 plate: I've always liked this computer piece: Here's the under side. This set included the small classic jet engines: A close-up of the sloped printed space brick: And the complete set with minifig: This set was a great little space ship that made a nice addition to the Blue Space Theme. As small as it was, it could hold two-three figs (one standing up). I don't even think the Mars Mission Recon Drop Ship holds three figs. In any case, it was a must-have for Blue Space Fans, and probably only a few bucks back in the day. SWOOSH!"], [1, "It's simply amazing how far Lego has come in 30 years."], [1, 'and again those tears in my eyes. with original box...! I really love those classic space stuff. Looks like I need to clean my stuff this summer.'], [1, "This classic space shuttle is simply superb! I love the layout of this shuttle. In fact, it reminded me as one of the space fighter jet, that roam around in space, defending the boundaries from intruders. I just love these old grey bricks very much and the printed computer brick is just lovely. It's such a pity, that I did not grow up with Classic Space in my childhood. These are actually great stuff, and formed the base of the Space theme in LEGO. Brickster, thanks again for another outstanding classic review."], [1, "this was my first space set ever!! 1979, 1980... don't know anymore, but i do remember i got this together with 897 for my birthday when we where camping... with a little luck i may even have an old film from my dad, opening the boxes... well what to say... it looked soooooo aggressive with those two engines! but i never knew why you needed two steering wheels on it... they probably just thought a symmetrical model was better .... i can't blame them... what a nice set.... it would even sell today, no doubt... looooots of swooshability..."], [1, 'The computer is my favorite part. Sadly, I dont own any classic space...Exept for some space police, and a blue classic space man.'], [1, "Nice!!! 442 is the lowest set number I have seen for any Classic Space set, so it must been released with the first wave in 1978. Its remarkable that a LEGO spaceship this old and small can seat more figs than the much bigger MX-71 Recon Dropship of today. Anyway, I just want to grab it out of the screen and swoosh it all over the place, lol. TLG, please make these Classic Space sets again! I promise I'll buy many!"], [0, "INDEXED Everyone remembers their first time. For me, it was in 19*cough*somethingsomething*cough*. We were at her house, and her mother was gone for at least an hour. She slowly unzi... uhhh. Sorry, wrong story. Um, yeahh. Anyway, I do remember my first time. It was 1977, in late summer. Our neighbor, who worked for a department store called Famous-Bahr, said that the main store had a travelling LEGO display. So my family filed into the car and drove into downtown St Louis to see this display. To tell you the truth, I don't remember much about the display itself, but I DO remember that my parents bought me my first LEGO set. Set # 456, the Spirit of St Louis. Set #: 456 (also sold as Set # 661) Name: Spirit of St Louis Theme: LEGOLAND / Large Vehicle Year: 1977 Pieces: 49 Minifigs: 0 Price: $5.00 USD? (Bricklink MISB start @ $175.00 USD, Used Complete ~$35.00 USD) Links: Peeron, Bricklink, Brickset Packaging Box Front: The original box that my set came in was most likely trashed 5 minutes after returning home. This image was lovingly stolen off of the Peeron page for this set. I feel lucky that I even got this much. Similarly, I have no pictures of the plastic baggies the set came in. Truth be told, I can't be sure that there even WERE plastic baggies that the parts came in. THE SET Side View: Well there she is. My first set ever . Actually, I seem to recall the real Spirit of St Louis was silver colored, not Black and Yellow. If you need a history lesson, the Spirit of St Louis was Charles Lindbergh's plane when he made the first trans-Atlantic solo flight. More details can be found on the Wikipedia page. The overall shape is pretty close, at least. The cockpit window could stand to be moved forward one stud, but everything seems to be relatively close. The tail piece isn't the right shape, but it is likely the only tail piece LEGO produced at the time. If you look closely, you can see the various bite marks that my brother and I inflicted over the years. I know some people would be aghast that there are bite marks, but brick separators wouldn't come out for another 10 years. Besides, we were young. We didn't know any better. I certainly had no idea that it would become my obsession. There are some interesting part choices here. Everything is brick and plate built, as you might expect. The same set nowadays would have lots of slope, wedges and wedge plates to round things out. But LEGO was all about the brick in '77, so bricks are what we got. The black inverted slopes worked pretty well asthetically as the wing struts. The wings are simple 4 x 10 plates, nice and square. There were no minifigs in this set. If I remember correctly, 1977 was just about the time when minifigs made their first appearance. I know I have one other set from '77 that does include a minifg, at least. I don't have a lot of comments for the following photos. I'll let the pictures speak for themselves. 3/4 View Back Back 3/4 Top Front PARTS Interesting Pieces I have no idea if there were any extra pieces that came with this set. I kind of doubt it. Instead I took a photo of some of the interesting parts to the model. That translucent white piece didn't photograph so well, but it is a Technic Axle 8. That's right, sets from 1977 contained Technic elements. The two black parts are the forerunners to the 1 x 2 Technic Brick, as well. Everytime I hear someone on the forums complain about Technic elements in system sets, I think back to this set. The round brick is special as well. Here is a closer view of it, complete with bite marks . Round Brick As you can see, the stud is closed. It is only one of two closed stud 1 x 1 Round Bricks that I own. They stopped appearing in sets in 1981, for those that are interested. The DSS You thought you were going to escape this heading, didn't you? Surprise! Yes, even in 1977 LEGO sets had stickers. The oldest printed elements I can remember were in the Classic Space sets that started in 1979. Again, when people in the forums complain about DSS in sets, I can only help think of this set. And chuckle to myself maniacally. The sticker has held up really well considering it's been stuck on the brick for 32 years. No discoloration, very little curling. I think if all stickers held up this well over time, there would be less DSS complaints. THE RATINGS Playability: 6/10 - The set is quite swooshable, and the propellor spins. Outside of that, though... Minifigs: N/A Design: 6/10 - The overall shape is quite good, especially given the era. The color choice leaves a lot to be desired. Price: 1/10 - It's been retired for 30 years. It's going to cost you to get your hands on it. Overall: 13/30 - This set is for true collectors only. I can't imagine anyone wanting one because they want to play with it. It was a great set back in the day, but the design feels REALLY dated. And if you're wondering, mine is NOT for sale. Ever. All the photos, plus more, can be found in the Gallery."], [1, 'Very brave to give an impression about one of the oldest sets ever reviewed! A lot members here are younger than the set itself. I think you will have to have grown up with it to like it. Nowadays we have seen quite a few better airplanes than that one, for example this years 7643 . But thanks for letting us know. Btw., the 1x1 round brick with the solid stud is no. 3062a instead of 3062b (with the hollow stud).'], [1, 'Great job! I love reading vintage reviews, as it reminds of our childhood days. Glad to see this in very good condition. By the way, I will move this to LEGO Trains & Town, to see if TheBrickster will like to include this set inside the review index over there. I believe he is maintaining vintage town set reviews over there, and this suits there well.'], [0, "I'm sorry you had to move this topic, White Fang. When it was in the Reviewers Academy, the teachers agreed it belonged in Other Themes. *shrug* I guess it ended up where it belonged eventually."], [0, "Great review, It's good to see some of the old sets reviewed. I think I learned something about the history of Lego from this one."], [0, 'fantastic review! IÂ´d love to read more like this, trivia about old/rare pieces is almost as fun as the set itself.'], [1, 'Outstanding review of a very special set! I actually remember seeing this set on the store shelves of local department stores. Can you believe it? Fantastic review Walter. I really enjoy looking at these vintage sets. This one deserves a BLOG!'], [-1, 'In 1977, trans or yellow slopes existed already, and using them would have made the plane more realistic. A third rear wheel would have enhanced playability and design, rather than this ugly black round brick. It\'s the reason why I voted "below average" even considering 1977\'s standards. However this set is nice and simple, offering good playability.'], [1, "Here is the Spirit of St Louis. Just go there (Washington) and have a look of this legend : Cavannus, on Jul 15 2009, 09:40 PM, said: In 1977, trans or yellow slopes existed already, and using them would have made the plane more realistic. I don't think so. There is no 45Â° slope in the original plane design ... and no front cockpit window. Quote A third rear wheel would have enhanced playability and design, rather than this ugly black round brick. Except that it wouldn't have been the Spirit Of St Louis. This set is a great one and I wish I'd bought it in '77. It is the Spirit of the 70ties ..."], [-1, "daoudbazaar, on Jul 15 2009, 05:26 PM, said: [...] There is no 45Â° slope in the original plane design ... and no front cockpit window. [...] Except that it wouldn't have been the Spirit Of St Louis. Oooops, you're completely right, the Spirit Of St-Louis didn't have any front window nor rear wheel. Anyway, I think a standard Ryan M-1/M-2 plane would have been a better choice. Less a legend, but more a flexible plan for multiple uses!"], [1, "I really like the design, it has an aesthetic value lacking from most official Lego planes and follows closely to the real thing (minus the colours), something that can't really be claimed for more recent sets."], [1, '483 Alpha-1 Rocket Base Year Released: 1979 Piece Count: 170 Minifigs: 3 Vehicles: 1 (two sections) List Price: unknown Despite the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty of 1968, Lego dared design a Rocket Base complete with a rocket system that may have had nuclear capability in 1979. Luckily, the rocket was defective having rather flimsy white bricks that did not stay together well during launch attempts. Lego scrapped its WMD program and the result was this classic "blue era" space set known as the Alpha-1 Rocket Base. Instructions: On the backside of the instructions, the set is featured with the Space Command Center, Space Cruiser, and a few vehicle sets: The set includes three figs: And this great rocket fuel tanker: Here\'s the front section complete with computer: And the rocket fuel section: The set has some interesting features including the Control Section, Fuel Control, and Launch Pad: On top of the Control Section is a nicely design radar/tracking system: Here\'s the open control room: The Launch Pad and Fuel Control: The Fuel Control includes two sink pieces and blue steering wheels: And Lego\'s WMD (Weapon of Mass Destruction), the Alpha-1 on the Launch Pad: Here\'s a shot of the launching mechanism: Unfortunately, I have lost one of the blue sink/faucet pieces as well as a black hose: A close-up of the Alpha-1 Rocket. The white bricks never stayed together well often times coming apart within your hands: The arming and guidance system was nicely designed: A view of the complete set: And another: This is a great set. The base, fuel vehicle, and launch platform offers a great amount of playability. My only complaint is the rocket (as mentioned above). I don\'t think I ever played with it a sa kid because it always fell apart. Share your comments regarding this Classic Space set.'], [0, 'TheBrickster, on Jul 4 2008, 04:14 AM, said: A close-up of the Alpha-1 Rocket. The white bricks never stayed together well often times coming apart within your hands: Huh, did they not think of putting a technic axle down the center of the rocket? Come to think of it, when were technic axles invented.... Its a neat little set, makes me think I oughta make some similar kinda layout in LDD, very elegant for playability.'], [0, "I always thought that that grey thing on top of the rocket was some kind of satelite... xenologer, on Jul 4 2008, 05:25 AM, said: Huh, did they not think of putting a technic axle down the center of the rocket? Come to think of it, when were technic axles invented.... I had this set as a kid and I don't think there was a technic axle inside that rocket, but if I remember correctly some of the later CS rockets did."], [1, "I'm loving that trans-yellow plate on top of the roof. Great review!"], [1, 'wooow! what a set!! not all that large, most defenitely not as sophisticated as the message intercept base from 10 years later, but in those, this was all a kid need to have hours of fun. soooo many great parts on this one.... technic hoses, computers, rocket parts, trans yellow parts... the perfect outpst really... it was actually my sister who got this one, but it only took an hour before i claimed it... Edited by snefroe, 14 July 2008 - 12:36 PM.'], [1, "Oh did I drool over this set as a kid! Since I never got it I didn't know how bad the rocket really was... Great review. xenologer, on Jul 4 2008, 12:25 PM, said: Come to think of it, when were technic axles invented.... The white ones were."], [1, 'Ahh, the good old days. Thanks for the review.'], [1, 'Nice rewiew The set is good too)'], [1, "Hey EB'ers, i got my Market Street on Monday and finished building it last night. I know it?s not such a nice review like *yoda* did the last times, but i hope you enjoy some of the pics. First a pic of the complete building: The 3 Minifigs: and i pic of the stairs (one of my highlights at this set): More pics you can find here My opinion about the set: I like this set very much, it was really fun to build it. I?m happy that that i got some more cherries and a croissant now *sweet* , a funny idea is the salad in the one box at the front. i think normally it?s a hairpiece of an exoforce fig. I also like the colours of the house, the dark blue is sooooo nice. I think i have to take more of this soon. The lighter blue is also nice. This set has really nice details like the stairs, or the owl at the entry of the market, or the balcony. I paid 89,99 EUR, a fair price for a really nice set!! Greetings Sandra"], [1, "Thanks for the review, my favourite detail is the salad! :-D BTW, could you exchange the modules and make pics of that? I'd like to see how the building looks with the flat roof instead of the dutch style one. I'm not sure though if the vents on the flat roof makes sense as long as it's only used as a garage top... :-/ Maybe they should be removable as the balconies and such things to make the modularity leading not to weird results... Other than this: In combination with a lot of money and the Cafe Corner set this really could get me into city! ;-)"], [-1, "thanks for the great review! *sweet* now that i've seen the set, I'm afraid i'm a bit disappointed 8-| 1) the color combination doesn't really do it for me. blue, dark blue, grey, black, tan, white, they're all mixed together without any over all design... 2) is there any interior? it doesn't look like it, and in any case, you can only reach it if you remove the modules... hm... |-/ now it looks too much of a box... 3) there are most certainly some nice ideas in this model and some great parts. the best part of the model is the staircase 4) i don't think he spent much time in thinking about the design. As apo said, the chimneys on top of a garage is kinda weird, there's also a gate, next to another gate which is weird as well... also, if this is supposed to ba a grocery, then the owner has done a lot to hide it. The croissant is nice, but next to the brown box with vegies, there's nothing that suggests this is a shop... 5) the white lamp and the the yellow cylinder are at the same level of the tiles. IMO it should be above the level of the tiles... 6), IMO not worth the 90 euro Edited by snefroe1, 20 June 2007 - 09:03 AM."], [1, "Thanks, I love the look of this set! I love the mix of colours, it breaks up the model rather than being a single monotone colour. He's used several complimentary colours in order to make up the model. I agree I think the chimneys on the flat roof is weird ontop of the garage, but not so weird one you place it ontop of the building. I guess he's done it to give us the choice of roofs and chimneys. You can always remove the ones you don't like... He also seems to have screwed up a bit on the tiling for the sidewalk on the side module. On Cafe Corner (And the building module of this set) the sidewalk has the pattern light grey 1x6 at the front, then dark grey 1x2 next, then dark grey 2x2's. However on this he's put the 2x2 tiles first then the 1x2's at the back. Easilly fixable though. Overall I love this set, thanks for the pics! Compliments Cafe Corner perfectly."], [1, 'Thank you Legocastlegirls for your quick review! *y* It?s the first time I realize the back of the market street. The tan bricks are a replacement for some windows I?d guess? I do love that building, especially the top floor with the neat balcony. *wub* Of course you are (again) left alone filling the interior. But I just had some food parts ordered at Bricklink... X-D One thing I?d like to know: This is an online-exclusive, right? Can I order it at a Lego-store (K?ln / Oberhausen) and get the sum rewarded on my voucher booklet? *sweet* I heard it here, but I?m not sure. 8-| If anyone is looking for how to fill it with interior: Go read the latest Brickjournal #8! There?s a whole chapter written about designing the rooms. Interior On!'], [1, 'Hi Thanks for posting those great pictures. I got the CC some time ago and I really looking forward to get my hands on the Market Street. I think the colour scheme of this set is great, maybe because blue is my favourite colour (just check my wardrobe)? I really like the design of the roof and the staircase. I ?am not so sure if I like the gateways but I believe they will grow on me when I get the set myself snefroe1, on Jun 20 2007, 09:02 AM, said: 5) the white lamp and the the yellow cylinder are at the same level of the tiles. IMO it should be above the level of the tiles... I? am totally agree with snefreo1, the yellow cylinder and the lamppost should be on a level above the tiles. Actually I have put a 2x2 plat under the lamppost on my CC, looks much better if you ask me. Unfortunately Shop at Home does not send to Norway???, so I have to purchase this set in Billund (Yes, I ?am going to Legoland this summer) or on ebay.'], [0, 'ApophisV, on Jun 20 2007, 10:32 AM, said: BTW, could you exchange the modules and make pics of that? I\'d like to see how the building looks with the flat roof instead of the dutch style one. i?m sure that a could do that. It?s a good idea, i hope you can wait a few days, i?ll do it this weekend and make more pics then. Holodoc, on Jun 20 2007, 03:22 PM, said: Thank you Legocastlegirls for your quick review! *y* It?s the first time I realize the back of the market street. The tan bricks are a replacement for some windows I?d guess? I do love that building, especially the top floor with the neat balcony. *wub* Of course you are (again) left alone filling the interior. But I just had some food parts ordered at Bricklink... X-D i also think that this is a replacement for some windows and i like this idea, because i often see houses with that kind of "windows" Holodoc, on Jun 20 2007, 03:22 PM, said: One thing I?d like to know: This is an online-exclusive, right? Can I order it at a Lego-store (K?ln / Oberhausen) and get the sum rewarded on my voucher booklet? *sweet* I heard it I don?t know that this is an online-exclusive.. but i know that you can order it at your Legostore, and when you get it, you get the stamps for your voucher booklet at your next visit at the legostore. but you have to bring the bill with you. Barbossa, on Jun 20 2007, 04:10 PM, said: I? am totally agree with snefreo1, the yellow cylinder and the lamppost should be on a level above the tiles. Actually I have put a 2x2 plat under the lamppost on my CC, looks much better if you ask me. yeah i also agree with snefrooe and you. i?ve never seen holes at the footpath for some lamps. It is really dangerous for all the nice little minifigs :-) Greetings Sandra'], [-1, "thanks for the pics Legocastlegirl! One thing that I find strange is that TLC doesn't use a female MF head for those two females MF in this set, but a female MF head is available in LDD and pab *wacko*"], [1, "I still haven't bought the CC or MS. But reviews like this make me wanna buy them instantly. Thanks for this Legocastlegirl !!"], [1, 'Thank you very much for that nice review and those lovely pictures, Legocastlegirl! *y* A very interesting set with a great color scheme and some "sunny side" feeling indeed. *sweet*'], [1, "I'm not much of a city fan but this looks great. I guess this is the closest we can get to Legoland (miniland) quality sets. And considering this is a three floro, small structure, and it's over 1,000 parts, just imagine (pun not intended) how many peices are in LL California's Empire State Building or WTC Freedom Tower models! Both are large and in real scale over 100 floors! That's a lot of bricks. Anyways, I've got a friend who loves city. I'm sure this one would make a great addition to his town setup! Gotta tell him about this new set! *y*"], [1, "Legocastlegirl, on Jun 20 2007, 07:42 AM, said: I know it?s not such a nice review like *yoda* did the last times, but i hope you enjoy some of the pics. Nonsense Sandra !! Tks for sharing these cool pics ;-) Its also a nice hommage to Erik Brok. I really like this set, I think its really well designed with great ideas such as the dual stairs, the balconies, the croissant insignia, the market entrance design with the horns, whip and owl 8-? I like the color combination, and the mosaic design just in front of the entrance. The only terrible flaw is that yellow cinlinder !! That is just awful for a flower pot :-X I don't mind at all having that lamp post at the same level since it would be normal to have the base of the lamp at the level of the tile but I agree that is just pickering about an insignificant detail :-P Legocastlegirl, on Jun 20 2007, 07:42 AM, said: a funny idea is the salad in the one box at the front. i think normally it?s a hairpiece of an exoforce fig. Yeay that is just brilliant all the way 8-? This is a great set indeed and a must have for town fans !! *yoda*"], [0, "I can't believe I missed this great review! Thanks for the pictures, Sandra!"], [1, 'I also missed your review, but now that I found it I really Happy I just ordered the set :) thanks for the pics! Peter'], [1, 'Legocastlegirl, on Jun 20 2007, 05:20 PM, said: i also think that this is a replacement for some windows and i like this idea, because i often see houses with that kind of "windows" There was once "windowtaxes" in the Netherlands. When rich people became poor, they placed bricks in their window, so they paid less taxes. Some older houses still has walls were once were windows. Historic information on :-D :-P'], [0, 'It was the same thing in France in the middle-age... Happy that today this taxe is gone! :-D'], [1, 'Hi all! I just got my first Gentle Giant SW Maquette and I?m in love *wub* *wub*! It looks so coooool ...... *y*! Here?s some facts: Height: 13.8 cm Color: Black 8-? Helmet: Non removable #?s made: 500 pieces Sold at: Blister Event Tokyo June 16, 2007 And now some pictures: I will crush you with my left bigtoe X-D! On the catwalk X-D! Now I just have to wait for my Boba Fett, Luke Skywalker and get the Stormtrooper & Darth Vader ..... >:-)! On My Shelf On copmike'], [0, "WOOOOOOOOOOOOW! That's some maquette! Say, I wonder if the Blackhole stormie will be playable in LSWTCS? MAQUETTE ON!"], [1, "You?re a lucky man.... *y* Thanks for those cool pics. :'-)"], [1, "You're the coolest man I know! Thanks for sharing copmike. That thing is awesome."], [0, 'Thank you, interesting indeed. Those are quite expensive though, perhaps 60 dollars or more.'], [1, "Very nice *wub* How'd you get a hold of it?"], [1, "Wow, that's awesome! And look, a giant 3x3 lego piece! 8-? :-D Edited by iamded, 27 June 2007 - 08:03 AM."], [1, 'Impressive, really impressive Mike 8-? Many tks for sharing these great pics ;-) I really love it !! Thats a really sweet way to make us want legions of blackies :-D Darn you !! I really like the fact he still has a megaphone - classic all the way ;-) Now I want to sing some Metallica :-P Quote Blackened is the end, Winter it will send Throwing all you see, Into obscurity Death of mother earth, Never a rebirth Evolutions end, Never will it mend Never Fire To begin whipping dance of the dead Blackened is the end To begin whipping dance of the dead Color our world blackened >:-)'], [1, "Starwars4J, on Jun 27 2007, 04:48 AM, said: Very nice *wub* How'd you get a hold of it? Evilbay can be your friend >:-)! Here?s the text from the back of the box: Quote For much of the Galactic Civil War, a mysterious agent of Palpatine code-named Blackhole carefully sifted through countless streams of data, distilling it into useful information for Imperial Intelligence. Blackhole had an impressive amount of resourses available to him, including a entire Star Destroyer and its complement of troops and fighters. Per his orders, the stormtroopers under his command had their armor cast in black to match his own particular eccentricities. The armor modification had practical benefits as well. The stygian-triprismatic polymer afforded the stormtroopers increased sensor-stealth. *wub* - pure poetry X-D! Blackhole On copmike"], [1, "Very nice copmike!! I can't wait to get my boba now! Those ebay prices aren't to bad. Hmmmm... :-D"], [1, 'Thats so cool! i would want one. It would look good in the house. -ZotS'], [0, "So, were you serious about any of the Boba Fett, Luke Skywalker, Stormtrooper & Darth Vader ones? Because I'd love to see a Boba Fett and Vader one. :-D"], [0, "iamded, on Jun 28 2007, 07:43 AM, said: So, were you serious about any of the Boba Fett, Luke Skywalker, Stormtrooper & Darth Vader ones? Because I'd love to see a Boba Fett and Vader one. :-D Dead serious >:-)! The Vader & Stormtrooper maquettes are already sold out, have to go Ebay on them in august. Luke is coming out in the 6212 X-Wing bonus pack: And Boba Fett was up for preorder over at Starwars.com shop before it also sold out: Maquettes On copmike"], [1, 'Wow, if the tru 6212 is to be believed, the Luke marque costs $50. but that looks so cool. Definitely a keeper.'], [-1, 'The lightsabers are strangely skinny. Do they light up or something? Or was the transparent plastic too expensive to make thick blades? :-/ :-P'], [1, 'Hi, you are right, this is such a fantastic maquette. I really hope that I will get the chance to own the other 4, too. It is carefully packed in styropor. The painting is nice, looks really evil. I think it is a wonderful addition (with the 4 other) to any collector shelf..(-; Mine is number 276. greetings Hendrik'], [0, 'I have #70 (and #8 :-$ ). Boba soon On copmike'], [1, "Well it has taken me over 2 years but i have finally bought this maquette! It's a real beauty! Just don't ask what it cost! My set of maquettes is finally complete."], [1, "mutley777, on Dec 2 2009, 07:29 AM, said: Well it has taken me over 2 years but i have finally bought this maquette! It's a real beauty! Just don't ask what it cost! My set of maquettes is finally complete. *snip* WOW! Mutley that is so beautiful!!!! I've seen these maquettes around before but they are alittle pricey , would love to get afew though! Just had alook on ebay and wow they sure are selling for a pretty darn high price! Great review CopMike, even though it was two years ago. I hope your collection is complete now aswell. CommanderFox Edited by CommanderFox, 01 December 2009 - 06:57 PM."], [1, 'Great reason to review a great thread. Your collection is truely something to behold.'], [1, 'Damn you for making me want these now! Seriously, these look amazing and would look great on any bookshelf.'], [1, 'Wow thats so cool mutley. My favourites are Darth Vader and Luke Skywalker because the others seem to have funny looking heads. Not so much Boba Fett but the storm trooper and the blackhole stormtrooper do. It must be their helmets. Edited by Roncanator, 02 December 2009 - 08:29 AM.'], [1, "mutley777, on Dec 1 2009, 07:29 PM, said: Well it has taken me over 2 years but i have finally bought this maquette! It's a real beauty! Just don't ask what it cost! My set of maquettes is finally complete. You're not surprised, I'm jealous, right? But I have to ask: WHAT DID IT COST? Joke, don't tell it. Because otherwise, burglars would be on their way.... Great review! Maybe one day I get one of these, too."], [1, "I always wanted one of these (*Sighs*) I don't think that I'll ever get it though."], [1, "mutley777, on Dec 1 2009, 06:29 PM, said: Well it has taken me over 2 years but i have finally bought this maquette! It's a real beauty! Just don't ask what it cost! My set of maquettes is finally complete. You did it - I´m so glad ! I hope it didn´t cost you $1230 which is the cheapest right now for all five on BL ! But still cheap compared to this one!!! Well, here are mine: I´ll hang on the my extra Blackhole Stormie a while more ! If Morten doesn´t come here and break it that is !"], [1, "Well, now that I have some money, a trip to ToysRUs was obviously in my future, especially since my local TRU has much of the summer 2007 lineup. When I got there, almost all the smaller Castle sets had been sold out, but there was one left: the one I am now reviewing for both Eurobricks and BZPower. ;-) The Box: Well, for starters, the Castle theme boxes are beautiful! The blended clear and stormy skies give a great ?clash of the titans? effect, and the action poses help as well. ;-) The back is equally nice, featuring a photo showing kids how to use the crossbow, and the brave axe wielder taking a swipe at the skeleton (foolish soldier, that won?t work on skellies! See later on in the review to find out why). And of course, we have a small box with the link to the official Lego website, where TLC can advertise even more Lego sets! :P The Contents: After opening the box, a single bag of pieces (with a couple loose ones), the instruction manual and necessary catalog ( :-P ), and a new wider rubber band holder spilt out. The instruction manual is clear as a bell. No color trouble here, folks! Also, it?s worth mentioning the nice background with the mountain and King?s castle silhouettes. :-) Sorry that there's no picture, but I'll take one if someone wants to see it. ;-) The Pieces: For being a 5 dollar set (well, seven in my case. Darn your above average prices, TRU!), Crossbow Attack features a lot of nice pieces (as does the entire Castle lineup). Notable elements include two large brown spoked wheels, two brown modified 1x1?s, a pearl gold slope end, and SIX dark blue modified 1x1x2/3 slopes! The bulk of the pieces, however, are nothing special. I?ll let the picture do the talking for this. The accessories are by far the best parts in this kit. Two different helmets in a beautiful shiny silver are my favorite, but I also really like the scythe (looks good for MOCing) and the round shield ( *wub* ), which are both brand new parts. And can anyone not love the classic axe and crossbows? Oh, and there?s a black lightsaber too, but that?s rather boring compared to the other parts. :-P The Minifigures: Can you say, FOUR figures (including the horse)?! That has to be a record for a regular 5 dollar set, at least in the present age of limited figures per set. We?ll start out with the two Crown militia: a regular soldier and an archer. Both have old faces, but they look spiffy with the shiny helmets and the superb torsos. I?ll name the soldier Bravo the Stout and the archer Angler the Precise, for future references. Now we come to the skellie. Although some people dislike the new skeleton design, I personally prefer it to the old ones, since the arms are now poseable and the face much meaner. The only problem is that the arms hang too low, but it?s not too noticeable when they have weapons in their hands. And last, but not least, here?s the elusive skeleton horse. I for one am very happy that TLC took advantage of that awesome prototype piece and made it into an official mass-production mold. However, the horse is unfortunately one piece, but since regular Lego horses are as well, I don?t have a problem with it. I do have a problem with the pose, however. The legs are in quite an odd position, and I wonder why TLC didn?t make the front and back leg poses symmetrical. Ah well. The Finished Set: I have only two pictures here, since this set is so small. First, here?s the completed crossbow. I must say: FINALLY! No more ridiculous horse mounted catapults or crazy fire wheel launchers! Now we have realistic siege weapons, including the one included with 7090. Plus, it actually launches okay, although not the best. Here?s the other main attraction: the completed skeleton rider and horse. I think it?s rather dramatic with that pose and the dark background, don?t you think? ;-) Playability: Okay, so there?s not much in this set, but a bit of imagination brings plenty of possibilities. To show you what you can do, here?s a little story made only with this set. ;-) Overall Rating: Presentation: 9/10 Pieces: 8/10 Minifigures: 9/10 Finished model: 8/10 Playability: 8/10 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Final Score: 8.4/10 Crossbow Attack is a fine introduction into Castle, so I recommend it to any Lego fan, whether they are a castle nut or just want a cheap change of pace. TLC has a knack with making great small kits these days, and I more than ever support them in their amazing rebound from their dark ages (between 1997 and 2004). ;-) Edited by KimT, 10 August 2008 - 01:33 PM."], [-1, "Thanks for this review, and that great little comic! About the skellies though (X-D), you have to admit that besides their long arms making the skellie legs look out of proportion, that they're just made poorly. They're sticking straight out, as opposed to every other fig, which have a slight bend to make them look more natural. Also, as I'm sure you've noticed, the pegs are on angles! That makes it impossible for them to hold their weapons straight, and they can't even put their arms over their heads without stressing the plastic some... I mean they're DEAD. Well, at least undead, they're not supposed to be stiff, and personally I like the ragdoll look more, it makes them seem more dead :-P"], [1, 'A very nice review with good pictures, thanks Grevious. *y* And undead ragdolls on! :-P'], [1, 'WOW! That was both an entertaining time, and a learning experience! It was entertaining because the comic made me laugh! It was a learning experience because, well, I dunno. Just wanted to say it. Anyways, great review, Grievous! Edited by trooperdavinfelth, 01 July 2007 - 09:46 PM.'], [1, "Very nice little review. Tis too bad I'm skint and can't afford any sets at the moment. Loved the little story too! Also, on your comment about the skellie horses. All Lego horses are posed like that because it's the way horses walk. Check it next time you can."], [1, 'Thanks for the review. That set is high up on my list; how could it not be with a price like that! (I love the added story.)'], [1, "Excellent photographs! and I like the comic too. I don't care what anyone says, I love the new skeletons. *skull*"], [1, "Nice review, and great little story. :-D *y* Look at the normal horses, their legs are positioned like that too. Only the skellie horse's legs are touching, so as to strengthen the middle, otherwise it could easily snap in half. Also, I think the new skeletons are nice, their head is awesome, I just don't see why TLC couldn't make the bent droid arms with the hand facing vertically, instead of making a new arm design completely straight."], [1, 'Nice review and a great story also grevious, this is a great set and a nice little army builder one at that. The only thing that saddens me about the line itself is the new arms on the skelies, they just look far to big when placed next to a normal fig. For me the old versions of the skelies were far better, why tlc changed to this is beyond me. Still i shall be buying alot of these sets just to increase my army.'], [1, "Tks a lot Grevious for this !! Regarding the set I just love it !! I really oved your comic, it was really well done and hilarious X-D EB Spirit ON !! Vader, on Jul 2 2007, 08:28 AM, said: Still i shall be buying alot of these sets just to increase my army. You don't say mate, I bought like 10 or so so far X-D Medieval *yoda*"], [1, "xwingyoda, on Jul 2 2007, 10:47 AM, said: EB Spirit ON !! You don't say mate, I bought like 10 or so so far X-D Medieval *yoda* Well that really dosent surprise me at all mate, i know you just cant control your lego fever X-D ;-)"], [0, "Thanks for all the comments, guys, and thank you, JoeM16 and iamded for pointing out the reason for the skeleton horse leg positioning. ;-) Well, I'll be gone on vacation until the 16, but I may pick up a set or two while down in Tenessee, so if I do, expect a review and another story when I get back! ;-)"], [1, "This is the only one of the new castle sets I've been able to get hold of so far. I know others have done it before, but as soon as I'd got it, there was something I just had to try: Heh, cool! *skull*"], [1, 'Grim Reaper ON! The new skellie looks so much more natural with the droid arm *y* !'], [1, 'Great review, i love this set.'], [1, "Great review *y* Small set with great figs and pieces=must buy The story was hilarious :-) Any chance you are going to review another set? I'm still waiting for a certain member *cough*Hinckley*cough* to review skeleton tower :-D Piranha"], [0, "Grevious, on Jul 1 2007, 10:28 AM, said: For being a 5 dollar set (well, seven in my case. Darn your above average prices, TRU!) None of the castle sets have leaked into my area. I'd gladly pay seven dollars for this set. Consider yourself lucky."], [1, 'An excellent little review! A must get! Angler the Precise... An accurate fisherman! :-D Excellent story! Edited by Mr. Mandalorian, 24 July 2007 - 02:11 AM.'], [1, 'Amazing little set. It seems this year that there are no crappy Castle sets. Good review.'], [0, "I've searched high and low accross England to find this...and it's nowhere! I'm too stingy to buy off S@H and so I'll wait my turn. OK, now ot the set: Let's say I buy 3, for ?12. That's 6 soldiers, 3 skellies and 3 horses. Considering each fig is worth ?1 and horses 75p, that means 25p for the catapult! Awesome! There's no Lego Castle anywhere in England! :-/"], [1, "Cap'n SlyOwl, on Nov 8 2007, 08:31 PM, said: I've searched high and low accross England to find this...and it's nowhere! I'm too stingy to buy off S@H and so I'll wait my turn. OK, now ot the set: Let's say I buy 3, for ?12. That's 6 soldiers, 3 skellies and 3 horses. Considering each fig is worth ?1 and horses 75p, that means 25p for the catapult! Awesome! There's no Lego Castle anywhere in England! :-/ Argos have exclusive rigts for selling them at the moment - but you can also get them from the Lego stores at Milton Keynes and Bluewater"], [0, 'I have not seen any either.... :-/'], [0, "It seems the Catapult Defence has been taken off S@H for NZ, so I assume it's out of stock for us. It's been off for a while. You guys might want to check your countries too. ~Peace"], [0, "iamded, on Nov 9 2007, 03:51 PM, said: It seems the Catapult Defence has been taken off S@H for NZ, so I assume it's out of stock for us. It's been off for a while. You guys might want to check your countries too. ~Peace _________ Catapult defense is still on for me, but the Final Joust has disappeared. All the sets are still in my stores though, so no worry! *sweet* Batbrick-is-much-cooler-than-iamded Away! >:-)"], [1, 'That was a great review!!! very entertaining! :-D love the comics!'], [1, 'Here is a review of the new Monster Dino creator set with power functions First lets start with the box which is much larger than it needs to be!! It is one of the new style re-closeable boxes rather than the rip the sides style. This set is typical of creator and comes with three sets of instructions. The Monster Dino a kind of spider and a Crocodile The set comes with two of the new motors one small and one large, a sound module plus the new IR controler and receiver. There is a mix of techniques in this set the core is mainly studless technic, there are some studded technic parts and most of the details are standard creator style. There are two mechanisms one to control the legs and one to control the head and arms. The leg drive is from the large motor and the arm and head are operated from the small motor The completed mechanism will stand on its own without any detail added The detail is added to the base unit to complete the model. The operation of the Dino is very good the design for the motors and drives is very compact and well thought out. The walking motion works well although there is no steering and it will fall over it it encounters obstacles. The sound module is built into the head so when the mouth opens the Dino roars (sort of) Glyman made the comment that this set is ugly as sin and I tend to agree I think there are too many colour variations with different shades of grey, black and that lime green :-P which confuses the look of the finished model but I guess it might apeal more to younger kids. I also do not like the spikes along the back, which glow in the dark, because the are loose and keep falling off. This set is not cheap at ?70 but I guess this is because of the motors and IR controller. While on this I was surprised how good the range was on the new controller it would still operate ever when not in direct line of sight. I would give this set a 10/10 for playabilityit has kept the kid amused for hours I would give it 6/10 for value for money it is a bit pricey Overall 8/10 It took approx 3 hours to build and has been well played with I have posted some more images and some videos of the finished models on my brickshelf page HERE If you have any questions please ask Pete Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:28 PM. Indexed'], [1, 'Thanks for your review Ickelpete! *y* Nice little movie you made (what?s on tv in the background?) ;-) :-D After reading, I wonder more than before what this Dino has to do with Creator? *wacko* The complete mechanism is technic, only the "design"-pieces on top are classic-style. I agree with your comment on the colour-selection. :-X Is that turquise next to lime? Looks like - well, I?m not telling you what I think of right now... ;-) Pretty Lego set, but not for me. I?m waiting for the first pics of the ferris wheel. Or even better, the 8275 Technic-Bulldozer :\'-) *wub* New motors On!'], [1, 'Thanks very much for that review. I downloaded the instructions last week and I was largely impressed with what was in it. However, like Holodoc, I am waiting for the Bulldozer. I might have to settle with the dino though if Lego charge Australian some absurd price... EDIT: I just watched the videos. Thanks! They are great. The dino is better than I thought... Edited by Sinner, 10 July 2007 - 02:29 AM.'], [0, 'Thank you very much for that interesting review, Ickelpete. *y* Well, the color scheme?s pretty bad and the design of that Dino?s a bit to blocky for my liking, but the two alternative models you?ve built?re quiet nice. At least there?re a lot of possibilities coming with that set.... :-)'], [0, 'Tks a lot for your review Ickelpete ;-) I saw that set at TRU a couple of weeks ago but was really not interested due to the design - I am not a fan of those motorized Lego sets |-/ I guess the lime colour is to please kids, as well as the general design, far from a real dino ;-) I am sure that its going to sell well to a younger croud. Let me quote you here: Quote The walking motion works well although there is no steering and it will fall over it it encounters obstacles. Hum, I really hope it works welll because I will have to buy that motorized AT-AT and I dont want it to crash :-P *yoda*'], [1, "Ickelpete, on Jul 9 2007, 11:19 PM, said: First lets start with the box which is much larger than it needs to be!! Pete No LEGO box is too big my friend X-D ;-) Nice review *y* As for the set... I don't like the colors myself (surprised? X-D ), and it seems a little blocky. Otherwise, the set is cool. I really like the head."], [0, 'Ugly. As. Hell. But an awesome parts pack, worthy of purchase.'], [1, ":'-) Such a beauty, the functions are great, cool video! I want to get this set so badly... Great review! *y*"], [1, "I bought this set last night and it is great. My biggest surprise was the wheels that were included; I didn't even know they existed and there aren't even that new. Back to the set, he is such a cute dinosaur. :-D Since he is so tubby I think he looks like a baby! I suspect my wife wanted him more than me.... my biggest interest in the set was to have more motors and IR parts so I could make an IR car. Overall, I highly recomend this set, but as others have said, be warned that the box is very oversized. I wish Lego would give up on this whole 1:1 picture thing. *wacko*"], [-1, "The box is has really strange dimensions - it's very flat but has a large front - the 1:1 scale. Regarding the spines, because they're made of the softer non-ABS plastic (the stuff the 1994 cutlasses and brown muskets were made of), they lose their shape a bit and so are hard to grip; they simply fall off. I suppose TLC use loads of different colours because a single or two-colour dino isn't very nice to look at, especially when the surface isn't very smooth - it takes your eyes away from the surface and puts it on the colours. Someone should make an all terrain dino that can walk everywhere from this set - I don't have the skill with technic - I always end up layering and never finish any models. :-("], [1, "Thanks for the nice review. It's butt ugly to me but the motors + IR control seem pretty neat ! Even at that high price, it looks like a good parts pack ! *sweet*"], [1, "I didn't spot this great review earlier. Thanks for the effort of posting all those pics and videos, they helped me decide that this set is worth getting."], [1, 'Got this baby via shop@home a little early and I though it was time to post my view of this set : (Snefroe you NEED to get this one ;-) ) Sorry for the lack of pics but there are already many pics online of this baby So here it is : Best space set since... a way too long time This is my first new space themed set since more than 20 years and I must say that I’m not disappointed at all. I have much to say about this little gem. First, let’s cut it straight about the Martians minifigures: they are absolutely rubbish. I can’t imagine how Lego could produce such atrocity. This said; let’s move on to the dropship. A real piece of art. Reminiscent of the Aliens movie dropship. The cockpit is spacious and provides a great field of view, too bad there is no hinges to open it, you must remove the canopy completely to switch pilot. The drilling unit can be attached under the ship with the clever use of a rubber piece. It stays well in place once attached, good point. Some people don’t like the inclusion of the 2 containment area for the Martians and crystal on both side of the ship but I kind like it, it makes the ship less empty. The 2 wings are complete with air intake, some armaments and 1 standard launcher on the right wing. Normally I don’t like launchers but this one is very discrete and well integrated. On the tail section are 2 thrusters that can be rotated and provide thus some “realistic” movements to the ship. One of the last highlight of this ship is the landing gears, or I must say landing dishes. 6 medium sized radar dishes provide and incredible stability to the set. They are quite sturdy and can take a beating. I’m not going to review the alien spaceship in detail since it’s quite uninteresting. I consider it more like a bonus addition to the set than anything else. The look is passable and there are some interesting building techniques in it. That’s all. To end the review, a little pros/cons table. (We all love pros/cons table :-) ) Pros: - Incredible design - At last a decent space set - Modular functions - Quite Sturdy - Beautiful - Great value for money Cons: - Martians are rubbish - No hinges for the canopy - The drilling unit could use some more details. Score: 9/10 By the way , I added a nice cool feature on my site , you can download the stickers for some sets that I own. Before building I always scan the stickers, we never know it could come handy. check this out on my site (you need to go in the Lego lists on the left): [VTX] Classic games'], [0, 'mutex, on Jul 13 2007, 10:16 AM, said: By the way , I added a nice cool feature on my site , you can download the stickers for some sets that I own. Before building I always scan the stickers, we never know it could come handy. check this out on my site (you need to go in the Lego lists on the left): [VTX] Classic games That?s a good idea and very nice, thanks mutex. *y* Nice review.... hmm, now I?m pretty sure that I?ll have to MOD that cockpit a little when I get that set.'], [1, "Great review, I must admit I didn't like MM at first site, but seeing this review and looking at the MM boxes at stores appeal to me rather greatly, I may get a couple of these sets, great job! *y* :-)"], [0, "I've got it also, but i think i'll replace the ball joint pieces with the kind of pieces that give the wings their angle."], [1, 'great review *sweet* maybe i will buy this one... but not this month... buying lego in billund has left me totally broke :-X :-$'], [1, 'i like the dropship kit and got this. Now that I built it I see so many things I can do to tweak it to make it a MOC. I think this is a set everyone MM fan should get.'], [1, 'Nice review!'], [1, "The dropships looks neat, and your review is good. It isn't my theme, but it clearly is a fantastic set for the space lovers under us. Mars Mission is really a good step in the right direction for TLC."], [-1, 'Of course, right before I post this I see that Ickelpete reviewed this set earlier in the week. Sorry for being redundant but it is already written so here ya go: Monster Dino Reviewed by Dunamis Set 4958 792 Pieces $89.95 from LEGO Online Store Build time 3.5 hours Here we go with another offering from the Creator line. I?m kind of fond of these sets as they are pretty imaginative and usually have instructions for multiple models. I like the reusability of all the pieces and the varied things you can build. The Box: The box that LEGO shipped this thing in was absolutely huge! When I first got this in the mail, I thought I had won the lottery and they had shipped the UCS Falcon early. Once I opened the shipping box, I was surprised to see an unusually large Creator set box. The box itself is pretty standard Creator type box but this one shows off the Power Functions prominently on the right side of the box. The back of the box shows some of the motorized features as well. Opening the box is a matter of breaking two seals. We?re back to the reusable cereal box type tab system for those of you who stay up a night wondering about LEGO?s next box design. Inside the box we have a bunch of sealed bags. Immediately the power brick, remote and motors stand out as they are each in individual bags. Also, there are three manuals. The Manuals: The three manuals are 76, 76 and 56 pages in length. They are laid out well and are pretty standard with all the usual trimmings: - Piece call outs for each step - Parts inventory at the end of the primary model build - Page numbers Color separation in these manuals were fine for me. Interestingly, the instructions for the primary build took a full manual plus about a quarter of another manual. Random manual photos: Parts list I?ll explain a bit more below, but it would have been nice to have some written documentation on all the functions of the motors, remote and receiver. Such as motor load guidelines and specific explanations of all the remote control functions. It is severely lacking in this area. The Pieces: Obviously, the pieces we?re most interested in are these new motors and wireless remote control. Note that before you fire this bad boy up, you had better BYOB. Since this is prominently a European community, I had better clarify my acronyms. Over here across the pond, BYOB usually means ?Bring Your Own Beer?. In this case, it still means bring your own beer (I?m on my second Heineken right now) but in addition to numerous bottles of beer you will need a total of NINE batteries to get through this set. I kid you not: Anyway, there are two motors (a small and a large) each with its own very unique name according to the manual; the smaller one is called ?motor? and the larger one is called ?XL motor?. Very creative indeed! The battery box takes SIX AA batteries and there are two compartments to hold them. Here is the first: That seems pretty normal. However, the back side of it holds the other three batteries and it seems to be very poorly designed: Note in the photo above where the bottom battery is placed. Compare it to the previous photo and you will see the difference. I played around with trying to get that bottom battery out and you better pack a lunch (or BYOB) because it is no small task! Why couldn?t they make this compartment just like the other side? There is a single power cord connector and a three position switch. The middle position turns the power OFF and the other two positions seem to provide the same functionality in either position as far as I can tell. Perhaps a little blurb in the manual would have been nice to clear things up a bit. The remote takes three AAA batteries. It is fairly small and lightweight even with the batteries installed. It has two thumb controls which could be levers if you insert Technic bars or even pins. The two controls are color coded and match the plugs on the receiver to control two separate motors. In addition, there is a four position switch which I assume changes the channel. Finally, there are two tiny levers that seem to have no function. I?m not sure if they are a trim control or variable speed control. I messed with them and didn?t notice any difference in the motor speed. Again, some documentation from the incredibly verbose LEGO manual would have helped. As far as the rest of the parts, it?s really a mixed bag. There are a lot of varied parts in this set to the point that there is almost one of everything. Lots of Technic gears, pins, studded beams, studless beams, axles, wheels, etc. Also, lots of little 1x1 slopes in various colors, teeth, horns, etc. You can?t really say it is a parts pack because there is not enough of one thing to make it a parts pack. A couple of notes: It seems the quality control issue on the axles has been fixed. I initially reported this back when I reviewed the 8285 about a year ago. All the axles worked fine for me. The color quality control issue is still alive. Check out the different shade of red in these two parts: Also included is the sound brick. This looks just like the other sound or light-up bricks we have been seeing lately. It does have a load dinosaur ?roar!? sound embedded in it though so hide the younglings if they are a bit on the skittish side. Finally, I?ve never seen one of these before (although someone will no doubt rattle off a dozen sets where you can find this part in about 5 seconds): No, I am not referring to the studded beam, I put that in the photo for scale. The Build: The build was fun and was fairly straightforward. As I mentioned, there is a lot of Technic parts, so if you are not a fan of the Technic line you should run, not walk away from this one. There were no gotchas to speak of, but you need to pay careful attention to the placement of the wires that go from the motors to the receiver. They kind of sneak them around a bit so watch closely. Otherwise, it was fine. Here is what is left over: So far, I have only built the primary model. As seen on the box, there are instructions for two more models. Both of the other models seem less complex than the primary model and are likely quicker builds. The Dino took me about 3.5 hours which included some time to screw around with the motors. I?m an old school Technic fan from way back in the 80?s so I had some familiarity with the old Technic motors. Obviously, 25+ years has improved some things and these seem much more powerful. The Design: If you have built the 4507 Prehistoric Creatures then some of the design will feel familiar, especially the head and tail. It is almost like they took the dinosaur from that set and figured out how to motorize it. This is not necessarily a bad thing, just a comment. The set does a good job of showing off the features of the new motors and remote. It is nice to see how one motor can perform multiple functions. In this case, the small motor makes both arms move and opens and closes the mouth of the dinosaur. When the mouth is completely open, it pushes the activation switch on the sound brick which emits the ?roar!? sound. Pretty cool. The ?XL Motor? handles the walking feature of the dinosaur. There is both forward and reverse. Forward works really well while the reverse just makes the dinosaur look like he is doing a Michael Jackson moon walk. (Wow, I never thought I would use Michael Jackson?s name in a LEGO Dinosaur set review!) It is almost like the dinosaur can?t get traction going in reverse. However, as noted previously forward works really well. This guy actually gets going at a pretty good clip. As you might expect, he kind of waddles like a duck since there is no articulation in the knees. It is a bit awkward but it works. The ?XL Motor? seems to kick out plenty of power. Overall, the design seems to be a mixed bag. The way the tail is attached seems to be an afterthought. The arms look to be too small. However, the walking mechanism and legs/feet are pretty cool as well as the head and mouth. I guess it is a reasonable effort to get people introduced to the parts and we?ll see designs improve as time goes on. Here are a few views of our new friend: But What About The AT-AT??? Of course, the real reason you are reading this is that you hope I will have some epiphany on how all this relates to the new walking AT-AT. Judging from the box on the AT-AT, it looks like we get one motor. I don?t see the remote which is a disappointment as I hope it is not controlled by a switch on the body and you either turn the AT-AT on or off. If that is the case, the first thing I am doing is scavenging the receiver and remote from this set to add to the AT-AT. Granted, it could be that it comes with a remote but is just not seen on the box. Also, the AT-AT box looks like one of the images shows that the head turns. I sure hope this is controlled separately as it would be really lame to not be able to control this independently from the walking feature. I?m kind of skeptical on the walking feature of the AT-AT. I suspect it will be rather cumbersome but hopefully I will be pleasantly surprised. Needless to say, this is all speculation but those are my initial thoughts based on this set. Overall Thoughts: It?s an OK set. Kind of pricy but I suspect a large part of that is due to the motors and remote. I haven?t built the other two models (they seem less interesting to me) but at least it has some variability. Also, you get a ton of different parts which can either be a good thing or bad thing depending on what you are looking for. The dinosaur is average. The color selection is marginal (black and lime green?) and the tail section is just lame. I appreciate it more for the mechanical functions and how the motorized parts work. It does do a good job of waking up my dog who seems pretty irritated by it. It is a nice set to show off to the neighbors or the endless caravan of my wife?s friends that seem to materialize out of nowhere. People are quickly impressed by it and then promptly move along once you start trying to explain how it all works. I?m a bit disappointed that the manual did not explain more about the remote and motor functions. I suspect that there is more than meets the eye and I?ll just have to play around with it to find out. It would be nice if LEGO had a website that showed all the cool functions of the motors and remotes so we fully understand the capabilities. Final Rating: 72% Build 9/10 (Pretty quick and fun. The mechanical part is cool) Functionality 6/10 (It is a Creator set so you have multiple builds. As far as it being a dinosaur, it?s just OK. Motorized parts are cool though.) Design 6/10 (Partly cloudy. Some things are cool, others are lame.) Parts 8/10 (New motors and remote are cool. Lots of varied parts included but nothing to write home about.) Price 7/10 (It is kind of expensive) Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:23 PM. Indexed'], [1, 'Impressive review! Really clear photos too! Thanks. Dr. S.'], [0, 'A very nice review, thanks dunamis. *y* I really don?t understand that color scheme, but the new motors?re very interesting. Well, that Dino is just mediocre to me.... I think that the new Technic Bulldozer is much more interesting.'], [1, 'Great Review Dunamis I hope you have as much fun with this as I have. One point yes they are new axles they have appeared in a few sets this year.'], [1, "Ickelpete, on Jul 13 2007, 11:06 PM, said: Great Review Dunamis I hope you have as much fun with this as I have. One point yes they are new axles they have appeared in a few sets this year. Yes, the kids seem to love it (as you pointed out) and the wife still thinks I am crazy so it's all good. I read your review after I posted mine. Seems like we shared the same thoughts on a majority of it. I always think it is good to have multiple opinions on sets as it gives the community more data points to evaluate a given set."], [-1, 'I already made my 5 cents to this horrible colour bastard :-X :-X :-X in Ickelpetes thread, but I wanted to clarify about this: dunamis, on Jul 13 2007, 10:41 PM, said: Finally, I?ve never seen one of these before (although someone will no doubt rattle off a dozen sets where you can find this part in about 5 seconds): Here?s one of the sets it?s included in: It didn?t even take me 5 seconds. ;-) :-P'], [1, "Thanks for the bonus review. I am still on the fence with this one so every opinion is good! dunamis, on Jul 14 2007, 07:41 AM, said: But What About The AT-AT??? In case you don't know, the AT-AT in the Dark Side Development Kit had a single motor and a moving head. It worked by the head simply swinging from side to side due to balence shifts. I suspect the AT-AT will be same. I also think that there will be no remote for it either. Edited by Sinner, 14 July 2007 - 11:31 AM."], [1, 'Tks once again Dunamis for a great in-depth review ;-) I really look forward to your supped up and moded AT-AT :-P I am really not found of the design BUT I think its still a nice parts pack, especially with all these nice "power function" elements ;-) *yoda*'], [1, "Thats a nice looking dino set there! Great review, dunamis! Also, on this side of the border (see that big thing above the US? Thats Canada, where I'm from) BYOB still means bring your own beer. My uncle is already on his third Molsons. Edited by Lieutenant Colonel Thok, 14 July 2007 - 02:21 PM."], [0, "Lieutenant Colonel Thok, on Jul 14 2007, 02:20 PM, said: Thats a nice looking dino set there! Great review, dunamis! Also, on this side of the border (see that big thing above the US? Thats Canada, where I'm from) BYOB still means bring your own beer. My uncle is already on his third Molsons. So that's Canada? :-) Quote In case you don't know, the AT-AT in the Dark Side Development Kit had a single motor and a moving head. It worked by the head simply swinging from side to side due to balence shifts. I suspect the AT-AT will be same. I also think that there will be no remote for it either. Thanks, that makes sense and you are probably right. I do have the Dark Side Development Kit, but I have not built that AT-AT. Hopefully we will get some clarification from the LEGO Europe show this weekend. Quote Here?s one of the sets it?s included in: It didn?t even take me 5 seconds LOL, I knew it!"], [-1, "Oh, is he ugly or what? I've never seen a dino that needed to go on a diet more then him. :-D But I'd get him for the pieces; all those lime-green pieces. *drools* But, meh, I'm not really in to Mindstorms, so I don't think I'd get this. But anyway, nice review, I now know exactly what he's like. KML"], [1, 'Wow...that set is really something. But I prefer Pehistoric Power, and Triceratops. Or are they the same? I can never tell.'], [1, 'Awesome reveiw, thanks! I gotta get this one!!! *y* *wub*'], [1, "I kind of like the design of this, but more importantly I really want to get my hands on the power functions motors and IR control system. I'd prefer the 8275 Technic Bulldozer, but there's no way I can stretch to the ?100 price tag, so I was thinking I would have to see if I could get a 4958 Monster Dino cheap in the January sales. Then two things happened today. Firstly I saw the Dino in Tescos reduced from ?70 to ?55. Then my wife said she'd buy it for me for Christmas. Wow! That's never happened to me before. I love my wife! *wub* Can't wait till Christmas now!"], [0, "PaulC, on Nov 4 2007, 02:21 PM, said: I kind of like the design of this, but more importantly I really want to get my hands on the power functions motors and IR control system. I'd prefer the 8275 Technic Bulldozer, but there's no way I can stretch to the ?100 price tag, so I was thinking I would have to see if I could get a 4958 Monster Dino cheap in the January sales. If you really want the power functions the Bulldozer is better value as you get two large motors, two small motors and two receivers compared to the one in the Dino set alos watch Toysrus and argos both have had the Bulldozer for ?70-75 in there pre christmas sales usually for a week only I am hopeing they will be on sale soon as I want a Second Bulldozer to get some more motors."], [0, "Ickelpete, on Nov 4 2007, 06:41 PM, said: If you really want the power functions the Bulldozer is better value as you get two large motors, two small motors and two receivers compared to the one in the Dino set alos watch Toysrus and argos both have had the Bulldozer for ?70-75 in there pre christmas sales usually for a week only I am hopeing they will be on sale soon as I want a Second Bulldozer to get some more motors. Thanks for the tip, but even ?70-75 is too much right now. ?55 was just about affordable, but now my wife's buying for me it's going to cost me zero zilch zip nada nothing which is even sweeter! X-D"], [0, 'I ended up buying both this and the dozer. :-$ I plan on using my Dino for a IR car in a month or two...'], [1, 'I ended up buying a MISB set recently from a Lego collector who is clearing up his collection. Excellent set to get the IR remote and IR receiver and other motors without paying insane amounts for the bulldozer now. There is a quite a number of parts in Power miner lime green and 1x1 white teeth plate for the mouth and claws. The dino alone has 20 teeth in its mouth The glow in the dark "antennas" on the backbone of the dino is a nice touch as you can let him walk in the dark somewhat. I do agree with the reviewer, the box IS INSANELY HUGE!!! I don\'t think Lego wanted to show a 1:1 scale dino, they just wanted to promote the power function stuff as large as possible. Also, the remote is smaller than shown in the picture as the hand holding it I think is smaller.'], [1, 'This is both my first set review and post about a Star Wars set- (even though I have been collecting them since \'99). I got this one early this year so I thought I would post a review on it. Please bare with me- I am not a great photographer. So with that in mind, here goes! Front of the Box: 75083 AT-DP Box-Front by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Back of the Box: 75083 AT-DP Box- Back by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Shot of the Bags: 75083 AT-DP Bags by whitesidewjw, on Flickr The sticker sheet (I normally don\'t apply them, but for this I am going ahead and putting them on): 75083 AT-DP Sticker Sheet by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Minifigs- I really like the two AT-DP Pilots, but the best Agent Kallus really does shine. Of course we get an extra stormtrooper: 75083 AT-DP Minifigs by whitesidewjw, on Flickr No new molds in this as far as I can tell, however these printed 4X4 domes are really great. I can see lots of uses for these in space MOCs. 75083 AT-DP New Printed Elements by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Bag#1 Complete- Nothing earth shattering here- an easy build: 75083 AT-DP Bag #1 Complete by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Bag #2 Complete: 75083 AT-DP Bag #2 Complete Cockpit Seats by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Cockpit assembly: 75083 AT-DP Cockpit Assembly by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Bag #2 Complete 75083 AT-DP Bag#3 Complete by whitesidewjw, on Flickr "Foot" Assembly"- I like how they positioned the slopes 75083 AT-DP "foot" assembly by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Complete AT-DP 75083 AT-DP complete by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Complete AT-DP-Side View 75083 AT-DP Side view (Complete) by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Complete AT-DP- Over View 75083 AT-DP Complete- overview by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Complete AT-DP Rear View 75083 AT-DP rear view by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Extra pieces 75083 AT-DP extra pieces by whitesidewjw, on Flickr The Verdict: Minifigs- 5/5- We get a total of four figs. I like the two AT-DP Pilots and Agent Kallus is a well done minifig. I can complain about another storm trooper either Parts- 3/5- Other than the dome pieces I commented on before, there is really not any new parts in this. If you build space, star wars, or machinery, this will still be a welcome assortment. Experience of Build 4/5- This really was a fun build. It came together fast but was challenging enough for its target age group. Playability 5/5- This thing is much more sturdy than it looks. The legs take a little bit of effort due to the double locking hinges but hold together very well.This is a very minor complaint. Value 4/5- Typical- $49.99 for 500 pieces- I must admit I paid a little more than MSRP due to shipping but I can\'t complain about the value. Overall: 21/25- I really believe this is one of the best walkers that Lego has designed. The only changes I would make would be adding real control panels in the cockpit and it would be nice if lego made a real widow to fit in with these types of builds rather than a transparent tile over another plate. All in all, I would recommend this set and I hope the rest of the 2015 Star Wars sets are on par with this.'], [1, "Thanks for the early review! I don't know much about the rebals show at all, but I can say that the over all design of the walker really appeals to me and the minifigs look top notch. I also like how the spring shooters are pretty much hidden in the frame, nice job!"], [-1, "Looks really nice. One complaint is the back it is a pitty that Lego didn't use any plates greebling there."], [1, "Great review! Thanks for doing it. I'm a big fan of this set, the minifigures are good, as is the parts selection. I like the piece used in the cockpit to secure the minifigure in place. I would've liked to see some panels in the cockpit though rather than translucent red pieces, that said however they are useful pieces."], [1, 'Thanks for the review. Cannot wait for the 2015 sets.'], [1, "Pretty good first review! This looks pretty great, I probably won't be getting it due to budget constraints. (Bionicle) but still, very nice set. To me it kinda looks like the missing link between when the at-st evolved into the at-at. Also, I know the rebels stormtroopers get a lot of hate, but I really like them. Thanks for the review!"], [0, "Thanks for the review! I have two questions: - What is the driver standing on, when the hatch is open and he is looking out? - Could you show the face of Kallus without helmet, please? My only complaint is that the colours of both, Kallus's and the drivers's uniforms are wrong. Kallus's uniform is way too dark and should be more dark olive than black, and the drivers's uniforms are too bright and should be more greyish compared to what we saw in the series."], [0, 'Whats behind the printed 4x4 dome? Is that 2x4 yellow plate? Im planning to replace that.'], [1, 'Great first review! As a huge walker fan its great to get one thats not a redesign, or one of those tiny battlepack vechicles.'], [0, "Flieger, on 24 December 2014 - 03:04 AM, said: Thanks for the review! I have two questions: - What is the driver standing on, when the hatch is open and he is looking out? - Could you show the face of Kallus without helmet, please? My only complaint is that the colours of both, Kallus's and the drivers's uniforms are wrong. Kallus's uniform is way too dark and should be more dark olive than black, and the drivers's uniforms are too bright and should be more greyish compared to what we saw in the series. Here are the pics of Kallus- His head would be good for a steam-punk character. Agent Kallus Front by whitesidewjw, on Flickr Agent Kallus back by whitesidewjw, on Flickr The driver isn't really standing on anything- he is just kind of wedged in there. irispen, on 24 December 2014 - 04:20 AM, said: Whats behind the printed 4x4 dome? Is that 2x4 yellow plate? Im planning to replace that. Yes there are several yellow accents on this- However, in person it looks really good. Edited by whitswj, 24 December 2014 - 02:55 PM."], [1, 'Awesome! I am really looking forward to buy this, but is it really $50.00 US? I was hoping more around $30.00. Also, I was wondering how the hip section for the legs work, does it have a stiff turning axis to it?'], [0, "Smitty500, on 25 December 2014 - 07:21 AM, said: Awesome! I am really looking forward to buy this, but is it really $50.00 US? I was hoping more around $30.00. I mean, it fits the 10 cents per piece count and has 4 figures so for a licensed theme you can't beat that. But I guess Lego can never satisfy everyone"], [1, 'whitswj, on 24 December 2014 - 02:53 PM, said: Here are the pics of Kallus- His head would be good for a steam-punk character. Thanks! Indeed his face printing is really nice, they captured his looks and spirit well.'], [0, "Great set, really impressed. Odd that Lego didn't include stickers for the controls - can't think of a reason they wouldn't have. And why do only 3 of the 4 figures have leg printing? I just can't understand Lego at times"], [0, "namioik, on 25 December 2014 - 08:53 AM, said: I mean, it fits the 10 cents per piece count and has 4 figures so for a licensed theme you can't beat that. But I guess Lego can never satisfy everyone This is true. I just had that price in mind when I saw the first images of it. it did not appear to be this big or complex, but new sets are getting so much more advanced than what they used to be."], [0, 'I built this set and I think the two rubber pieces holding the both sides of the face is a bit stretched out therefore making the set somewhat tight for entire top hatch to open and close. Does anyone have the same situation? Is this right? -------------- Never mind I got it! I built the back a stud too long! Edited by namioik, 29 December 2014 - 03:04 AM.'], [0, "Thanks for the early review! How tall is this next to the most recent recreation of the AT-AT? I'm picturing the two of them standing next to each other looking silly due to the scale differences."], [0, 'The legs are about 2" shorter than the AT-AT; its cockpit is a little larger than the AT-AT\'s "head;" it doesn\'t look out of place as an escort-type walker or heavy walker, especially as both are built in the same style, although if scale differences really bother you the most recent AT-ST is probably a better bet for you. Edited by hjmediastudios, 29 December 2014 - 04:32 PM.'], [-1, "Great reveiw, shame on Lego for forgetting that they already made a AT-DP pilot helmet (Ezra's from the Phantom set) that didn't resort to needing a printed head."], [0, 'It\'s a different helmet. Ezra\'s is an Imperial Cadet Helmet (the same one he wears in "Breaking Ranks).'], [0, "Thanks for the review and pics. This is a really nice looking walker. One question - how snug are the AT-DP drivers sitting in their seats? The cockpit looks good. Actually I'm not crazy about the AT-DP helmets on the show but I dig the minifigs! Good stuff. Awesome facial hair for Kallus!"], [0, 'Hellbelly, on 31 December 2014 - 11:05 PM, said: It\'s a different helmet. Ezra\'s is an Imperial Cadet Helmet (the same one he wears in "Breaking Ranks). I meant the mold opposed to the paint job.'], [1, "Knightsword, on 01 January 2015 - 02:27 AM, said: I meant the mold opposed to the paint job. The mold wouldn't really work. The way they did it is actually very accurate."], [0, 'hi, i need some help...when i atach the pod to the place where the legs are placed, the small piece that unites the pod to the legs is loos from the bottom, so the top of the walker just moves around freely, wich is different from every video review that i have seen (where they can rotate the pod but its not loose) the small piece that serves as the axis isnt staying locked on the bottom piece and i have reassembled it all and still its the same :\\ help! edit: sorry, i found out what went wrong...didnt push hard enough :D Edited by mrpinache, 05 July 2015 - 12:10 AM.'], [1, 'Super outstanding review! I am outside at this moment and this review is certainly great to read while you are on the move. I am looking forward to get this upcoming new modular. It is definitely fun to play and real awesome indeed. Thanks Oky for this very fine review.'], [1, 'A great review of an obviously fantastic set. A must-have for 2015! Thanks!'], [1, 'I want more of the story you made! Also, ace review.'], [1, 'Brilliant review and thanks for plenty of detailed shots of the interior, I may invest in this set but ill have to wait until 2015 Star wars is sorted and budget for the arrival of Pirates in April!'], [1, "Fantastic review, could easily be the year's best, and it's only January 1st! You've got a duplicated picture in the bit where the candy is being moved from the outside and through the barber shop.. ...and I was expecting a final B&W picture or two where the detective makes his report to the woman in red, and gets his reward (candy, of course) or she in turn reports back to her real boyfriend, the candy smuggler. Edited by rollermonkey, 01 January 2015 - 04:08 PM."], [0, 'How was the pool table legs made?'], [1, 'Firstly, Great Review ++++++ I was really on the fence on this one. This review has greatly changed my view on this modular. A definite buy for me. Love the interiors and the whole concept. The more i see it the more i see the little features which put this set apart or at least slightly different from the others. Of course great playability for the younger lot and i think a nice building to give any Lego City more character and colour...'], [1, "Great review Oky! I really love your introduction text. You put a lot of effort in this review, with lots of nice touches. Well done For me the set gets 4 out of 5. It's a great set, but there's something preventing me of giving it 5 stars."], [1, "Wow, that is the best start to a review I have ever seen. Great job Oky, amazing set, I'll be picking it up this weekend!"], [1, "Great review Oky! I managed to pick this set up a few days ago and I must say, it might be my favorite modular yet for the feel alone. The pool hall, barbershop, and the detective's office itself are all wonderfully designed!"], [0, 'Can you please take some pictures/explain how the water tower is built? I understand that there are some tank treads bot how exactly? And it is "There can be only one"! Edited by Yooha, 01 January 2015 - 07:14 PM.'], [1, 'Looking forward to picking up this set on Saturday :-) Nice review, love the tiny details and the printed parts.'], [-1, "Great review! The intro was great, but I'm still not convinced on this one. The height seems too small for comparison with the rest of the modulars. The play features are ok but I wish it would have been taller."], [0, "Nice review, thanks a lot. Managed to improve my opinion of the set a bit, but I'm still getting two to build larger buirldings as soon as we get the next 2x VIP points special"], [-1, "TheLazyChicken, on 01 January 2015 - 06:14 PM, said: Great review! The intro was great, but I'm still not convinced on this one. The height seems too small for comparison with the rest of the modulars. The play features are ok but I wish it would have been taller. Totally agree with you, the height does seem rather small. Also 2x buildings on a 32x32 base-plate with a lots of spare studs behind the buildings are these buildings 12 studs in width?. It still looks great style wise, however this might be a set i buy and look at it after i have built it & regret the amount of $$$ i have spent on it. $239 for us Aussie's . Edited by SnapLock, 01 January 2015 - 07:42 PM."], [1, 'This modular building will be my next set! Thanks for the review!'], [0, "Thank you for the review, it was very interesting and changed my opinion of the set, I'm now considering a future purchase ^^. Just one question: The mirror is on cardboard? I was hoping for it to be a window piece with a mirror on one side.. I hope it's not the same cardboard we had on some of the early Harry Potter sets or the element won't last long"], [0, "Thank you for the great review of this set. I'm also curious for the backside of the mirror."], [0, "SnapLock, on 01 January 2015 - 07:40 PM, said: Totally agree with you, the height does seem rather small. Also 2x buildings on a 32x32 base-plate with a lots of spare studs behind the buildings are these buildings 12 studs in width?. It still looks great style wise, however this might be a set i buy and look at it after i have built it & regret the amount of $$$ i have spent on it. $239 for us Aussie's . Both are are 14 deep on the upper floors. DO is 3 studs deeper on the ground floor, buit that's pretty much it. Can't believe how cramped the upper floors of the barber shop look. We've come a long way from the wide and empty halls of CC and GG."], [1, 'Amazing review! Very thorough with lots of details'], [1, "Thanks for the review! I'm a fan of the set but will be modding quite a bit. Have to get a small bar into the Highlander and then turn the second/third story above the barber shop into a proper apartment. The detective's office is great and will stay as is!"], [1, 'Thank you for the amazing and really well-readable review! Makes me want to get the set even more!'], [1, "Awesome review, and an awesome set. What are the different shades of blue? I know there's dark and medium blue, but what's the other blue? Locutis"], [1, 'AWESOME review \'Oky\'.....thanks for the cool writing and excellent photography........your last photo could of had a cry of......."You\'ll never take our candy !"......well he does look Mel Gibson like ! This set is a serious contender for best set for 2015, so much detail .........must buy one, need to brainwash wife into buying me one !'], [1, 'Lego\'s affiliation with six wheelers go back a long way. I think the first one was released in 1981, more than 25 years ago. This year, Lego added another one to the family, Mars Mission\'s "Rhino 1", as its title sounds... It\'s been a while since i\'ve bought and opened a large box, so maybe this isn\'t a surprise to most of you, but the box does not open at the front, as with many larger sw boxes, but at the side. The two printed seals(or whatever people call them) have gone as well, being replaced by one larger print in the middle of side... the box also isn\'t as thick as a large sw box, like the sandcrawler... The general size is, however, still quite large. PICT0001.JPG 281.91K 102 downloads the back side shows the Mars Mission theme sets... eccept the Rhino! I guess it shows this set will be released as a TRU exclusive or something, only to show up in Legoland shops and maybe Lego shops... It\'s a shame really, because this is by far the best set of the theme. PICT0002.JPG 285.42K 89 downloads When you open the front cover, you see a larger picture picture of the Rhino. Obviously, it seems to be some sort of multifunctional truck. i think the basic function is to drive around and explore. For that it has a drilling device and six giant wheels. PICT0003.JPG 273.7K 82 downloads The set comes with two instruction books. i\'m afraid to say they did not resolve the gray/black colors issue. Colorwise, the real thing does not look like the instruction book because of it... PICT0004.JPG 302.63K 75 downloads The Rhino looks really big because of the six giant wheels. I guess it\'s more or less the same size as M-tron\'s Magnetiser with the big difference between the two being that the wheels have been turned around, creating a unique wheel design for a Lego model PICT0285.JPG 290.59K 83 downloads PICT0277.JPG 286.26K 80 downloads the wheels look very cool, even though the first couple of wheels stand a bit closer to each other. Don\'t know why that is. hm... |-/ and they could have used a bit more body, but the design is pretty good. i know, "Armagheddon" isn\'t far away... |-/ PICT0292.JPG 216.75K 70 downloads The suspension of the wheels is a bit flimsy. sure, it allows the truck to move around in a more realistic way than the old sets, but it\'s not as flexible as some older sets, like sw\'s CTT. Nor do the wheels have much body. the black bars you see on top of the wheels are more "window dressing" then functional... PICT0293.JPG 244.78K 88 downloads The over all shape of the Rhino is kinda "bulky", it looks more like a beatle than a rhino, if you\'re asking me. It has three major sections, but i wouldn\'t call it a modular building though... The cockpit is the first section. It\'s spacious and detailed. PICT0290.JPG 262.77K 0 downloads PICT0291.JPG 299.75K 87 downloads The cockpit hangs down from a weird angle. it\'s attached to a large vertical technic brick that is part of the Rhino\'s main structure, so it\'s not a seperate spaceship, which is a shame... oh well... you can\'t have it all, i guess... PICT0301.JPG 291.13K 78 downloads ah yes... stickers all over the place, but they\'re cool. the mid section of the Rhino dominates the basic shape of the model. It\'s as if those two large white parts form a strong and thick shield, protecting whatever is inside from whatever is outsde. PICT0007.JPG 213.22K 67 downloads unfortunately, there is nothing inside. it\'s extra space needed to house the spaceship. That\'s really a shame; a command center of some kind could have given the rhino a bit more "panache". PICT0286.JPG 251.35K 87 downloads However, what\'s really great, is the way in which they fit together: one side has an orange 1x2 plate that fits in between two white 1x3 plates of the other side, creating yet another unique shape for a Lego model. But again, it\'s a shame they didn\'t do more with this section... X-O PICT0283.JPG 287.75K 82 downloads The third and last section is a platform for a space ship. PICT0299.JPG 289.5K 77 downloads PICT0287.JPG 199.78K 75 downloads The platform itself isn\'t really special. no details, no stickers,... it\'s just a skeleton to carry the spaceship, nothing more nothing less. No, your space ship doesn\'t fall off, even if you rotate the platform into a launch position, pushing the weight of the ship backwards. In fact, the position of the ship onto the platform is so solid, it\'s kinda difficult to imagine how this ship flies off. |-/ The ship on the other hand, is pretty cool. It\'s all sorts of things at the same time it seems. It transports two aliens, but also a small car that reminds me of the small sets of Spacepolice 2, blacktron 2,... PICT0295.JPG 307.4K 85 downloads PICT0298.JPG 268.13K 75 downloads PICT0294.JPG 276.84K 76 downloads the shuttle reminds me of a Star trek shuttle and i think it needs some modding, but i do think it looks pretty nice. sure, the cockpit is a bit too low, a pilot needs to lay down instead of sitting down and the dropping mechnism, if there is one at all isn\'t all that brilliant either... The main structure is a bit too technical for me. I prefer actual parts with studs, not these Lego technic bars and pins. PICT0006.JPG 224.43K 74 downloads the crew: PICT0276.JPG 239.43K 70 downloads ah yes, there\'s also this green plastic residu. think they are supposed to be the aliens... and there\'s also this weird alien craft, but i didn\'t bother to build that... *sad* GOOD: *wub* Great, innovative design, lots of potential, i even like the colors *sweet* Lots of playability it\'s a big, attractive model; i don\'t see any weak spots in the design that could compromise stability or structural integrity. NOT SO GOOD: |-/ too many technic parts, some sections on the model, like the gun and the drilling device are a bit to flimsy I\'d say 7.5-8.5/10 Price: 750 Danish Crowns, about 105euro'], [1, "Thanks very much. I love it *wub* . It needs tweaking, but isn't that half the fun? Incidentally, when people were calling it Rhino, I thought it was just a reference to Captain Scarlet. Seeing the stickers in the middle made me realise my mistake. Buy! Buy! Buy!"], [1, 'Thanks dude. This is a great set. Can you please take more pictures? Thanks'], [0, "seems like they infuse system sets with more technic bars. must be that technic isn't selling too well and they want to educate ppl how cool technic can be. :-P it's quite apparent when even the small bike needed technic frame."], [0, "natelite, on Jul 15 2007, 12:20 PM, said: seems like they infuse system sets with more technic bars. must be that technic isn't selling too well and they want to educate ppl how cool technic can be. :-P it's quite apparent when even the small bike needed technic frame. my guess it's less expensive and complicated to produce. they're also using these parts in other themes, so in the end, they're producing a smaller catalog of bricks but every part gets produced in larger quantities."], [1, "Wow. This year, my wallet size has been bugging me. *Sigh* still, it's a good-looking set and i will get it. Too many big sets..."], [0, 'This is a great review and so is the set *y* I thought I would buy it, but when I saw the price... I changed my mind X-D I always liked flying things better though... Like the Dropship... Although that is a BIT pricey too, I guess X-D'], [0, "This set is truely incredible, a must have. BUT this set is also incredibly overpriced *n* ! Com' on it's only a big vehicle , nothing really special to justify the near 100? price tag. This set is clearly worth something like 65? at max. Look at the incredible dropship for 34?, that's a good value for money! *y* Edited by mutex, 15 July 2007 - 04:57 PM."], [0, 'Thanks for that very interesting review, snefroe1. *y* That vehicle looks really nice, with a lot of playability, but too much Technic brick construction for my liking. It seems like there?s pretty much space wasted inside of it, some kind of small laboratory or a room for the crew and at least a mining toolshed would?ve been cool.'], [1, 'Awesome review, if I pick up any MM sets, it will definately be this one!'], [0, 'I echo the consensus of this thread - too much technic, looks great, too expensive, looks great.'], [0, "Please build the alien craft, I'm sure that we would all like a review of that! ^_^'"], [0, "Kahgarak, on Jul 16 2007, 09:53 AM, said: Please build the alien craft, I'm sure that we would all like a review of that! ^_^' ok then... i'll do that later on... but I will NOT touch that plastic residu! X-D"], [1, "Sinner, on Jul 15 2007, 01:02 PM, said: Incidentally, when people were calling it Rhino, I thought it was just a reference to Captain Scarlet. Yeah, me too. That's a great programme, is it not? And I mean both new and old. Anyway, I like this. I'll probably get it when it finally becomes available in the UK. I think there's a few things I'll MOD, but overall it's very nice. Although it's interesting (and slightly creepy) how much the lights at the front look like eyes... And, as I've said many a time before, I love the motorbike! Edited by Brainbox, 16 July 2007 - 01:11 PM."], [0, "Kahgarak, on Jul 16 2007, 12:53 AM, said: Please build the alien craft, I'm sure that we would all like a review of that! ^_^' Bleh, I don't care much about the alien ship, they all look too much alike, the humans would kick the aliens crap out of them."], [-1, 'I wish the wheels would be arranged like the turbo tank, this one looks too movable.'], [1, "Nice Review *y* I have quick question though.... Do the crystals fit into the aliens hands? Try and stick one in there,Becuase the new catalog shows an image of an alien holding a crystal Lastly lego should have made the aliens with movable arms and no hole in the middle |-/ I don't want to waste any money so I am only going to grab 1 or 2 of the smaller sets Piranha EDIT:IMO the aliens would win becuase they have superior technology and all they do is have to cut the airtank line and the humans die Edited by Piranha, 20 July 2007 - 01:40 AM."], [1, "Yes, they can hold the crystals. They can't move the hands ( |-/ ) but they do have the clawlike hand of the droid arm. EDIT: Could you post some general 'beauty' pics of the Rhino and the attached craft, such as front, side, back, etc. All we have of the ship is one top pic... Edited by Mr. Mandalorian, 20 July 2007 - 05:18 AM."], [0, "Say, I was looking at your pics and then at the instructions and I just realised : haven't you put the stikers on the shield thingies in the middle upside down? I think you did :-D I don't know if I like those new sets, though... I mean they have great shapes and potential, but at the same time, they seem so holey... They're really huge and big but full of empty air and space as well... Well, this one not as much, and indeed it is the best looking set of the lot, though... But I don't think I'll go into that line..."], [1, "snefroe1, on Jul 16 2007, 07:19 AM, said: ok then... i'll do that later on... but I will NOT touch that plastic residu! X-D You touched them to put them in their holders in the ship. So in theory, you will not review them. Anyways, nice review. I don't think I'll get this though. I'm trying to decide between this, moble devastator, or anothe 90$ set. I need to get something large before my B-day... Regards, ~VBBN~"], [1, '8-? such a wonderful machine! Great review! Too bad all my money is going towards the castle theme! >:-( My wallet is planning to kill me!'], [1, "Great review, wonderfully detailed. Don't care for the ship at all. It's that 'technic under a hollow shell' thing like the CTT. If it wasn't for the figures, I would have hated it, and nothing about these figures excites me. I'll end up finding the least number of sets possible to provide at least one of each figure for the general population collection and skip the rest (unless they do as I expect and flop here, thus leading to huge discounts). I like this set ... at half off. ;-)"], [1, 'The Life on Mars theme was so much better, with the aliens dominating Mars instead of the humans. And the aliens were so much better, with their own names etc. Good times. Anyway, I think this is the best set in the series. It looks so neat and reminds me of the Pelican form Halo. X-D Edited by iamded, 31 August 2007 - 05:11 AM.'], [-1, 'I agree iamded, Life on Mars, while not even that truly great, was far better than this line! >:-( I am hoping the next space line Lego does takes place in just that! Space! |-/ By the way iamded, I continue to stalk you....... Batbrick Away! >:-)'], [1, "I think the Life on Mars series was great. Although I didn't click until the line was gone that the red hangar on the alien base was for the red mech, and same with the blue one. Man, I was gutted when I realised that, I want those mechs! However, the base was great, with the small mech and the flying crafts. Could the LoM mechs have been the spark of life for Exo-force? 8-? Edited by iamded, 31 August 2007 - 05:15 AM."], [0, 'Lego 41062 Elsa\'s Sparkling Ice Castle Lego managed to get a Frozen licensed set in the new wave of Disney Princess sets. However, I\'m VERY surprised by the size. It\'s a $40 set and comes in a small Friends-style box (roughly 12"x12" size) - I almost didn\'t see it on the shelf when I was looking for it because it\'s so small. I mean, I know it\'s only $40 but it\'s a friggin\' CASTLE. And why did Lego only make this a smaller set? If they\'d made a $200 Frozen castle they still would have sold every one they could produce. They made big Harry Potter Hogwarts sets and those sure sold. And have you SEEN the toys in the Frozen section of stores? HUGE playsets for Barbie-sized dolls. But I suppose I\'m getting the cart before the horse here, reviewing before I\'ve even opened the box. So..... Name: Elsa\'s Sparkling Ice Castle Set Number: 41062 Pieces: 292 Price: $39.99 Minifigs: 3 Theme: Disney Princess Year of Release: 2015 Links: Bricklink Peeron Brickset The Box The front of the box is standard Lego fare, other than the large Anna and Elsa in the bottom right corner. Oh, and surprisingly, nowhere on the box is the normal minifig lineup. The only way to know what characters are included is to look at the set pictures. The 1:1 This set uses one of the minidolls as the actual size sample. That\'s probably not a bad choice since the minidolls are not nearly as well known as a minifig. The Back On the back, the play features are shown in insets around a rear view of the castle. Like Friends sets, you also have an array of play accessories. The Seals Is this standard on 2015 sets or is this specific to this set? I\'ve never seen 3 tape seals on a set. Even huge modulars or Technic sets only have 2, so 3 on a set this small seems excessive. Perhaps Lego expects people to try to steal the dolls? If so, why bother with extra tape? A tiny pocketknife makes quick work of the tape so the third strip doesn\'t even slow you down. The Contents In the box are 2 instruction booklets (bent), a white plate, a sticker sheet, and 3 numbered bags of parts. The Stickers These are very hard to photograph since they\'re shiny. I mean polished chrome shiny. Those dark lines across the corners are not really there, they\'re reflections of my ceiling. The Manual Backs The back of one booklet has a Friends "Win!" girl. The other has an ad for the Lego Disney Princess website. That site is SO girly there\'s even sparkles following your mouse cursor around. So I didn\'t stay too long or look too deeply. The Sample Page The interior pages of the manuals are on lavender backgrounds. It\'s standard Lego instructions with part callouts and insets when needed. The Build, 1 The first thing you build is Anna, but I\'m not showing that yet. Then you build this little picnic scene. It\'s tiny but effective, and nice to have something not icy in the set since the movie has the "In Summer" song for Olaf. I\'m curious what\'s in that sandwich though - green and pink? After the picnic is the Olaf build, but I\'ll save him for later too. The Build, 2 Next is this small sleigh. It has an amazing amount of style for something so small. The curved front and decorative whips on the back make it look sleigh-like instead of blocky. But come on, it already had pink accents, are the pink flowers really necessary? Technically, yes, so the whips can mount to them, but still, it\'s just over-girly for my taste. The Build, 3 The sleigh needs a ramp to help it rocket along (for a couple inches, at least). The ramp starts like this, with a hidden lime green jumper plate that gets a cookie on it. I couldn\'t remember anything in the movie like that, so I asked my wife and she couldn\'t either. A hidden cookie under a hill? The Build, 4 After putting the tilting 2x8 onto the base and adding decorations, this is the result. A lime green bucket holding a pair of ice skates, a flower (in the snow, really?), green and white round studs that I assume are supposed to be grass and snow? The Build, 5 The sleigh looks huge sitting on top of the tiny hill, but it actually works pretty well. Assuming you\'re on a smooth surface like a table, you can give the sleigh a little nudge and it\'ll shoot down the ramp and a few inches across the table. The unevenness of the slopes vs the blue tiles holds the sleigh in line well, and the bumps in the slopes don\'t seem to hamper anything. The Build, 6 Moving on to bag 2.... man that\'s a lot of colors in this base already. And I\'m already starting to feel like there\'s trans-blue cheese thrown around randomly. The Build, 7 Continuing (and rotating), some steps and even more colors thrown in. Magenta? In Elsa\'s ice palace? I sure don\'t remember any of that... The Build, 8 Wait, seriously? An ice cream stand in the castle? That is what the magenta is for? I kinda actually like the looks of it, but it doesn\'t fit the set. The Build, 9 Spinning back around, now there\'s a light aqua spiral staircase added along with a roof. This is where I\'m really starting to wonder about Lego\'s thinking. Those light aqua stairs, and the light aqua 1x4 tiles, are exclusive to this set (as far as I know... it\'s possible some other 2015 sets use them, but nothing in Bricklink yet). Seems expensive (to produce) to me, when there\'s no huge reason to need them. Another blue for the tiles would have been fine. And the spiral stairs? Really? Elsa\'s castle is KNOWN for staircases, but NOT spiral ones! There should be a huge straight ice stairway out front or sweeping curved stairs inside, but not a spiral. The Build, 10 And now we finish the tree. Again, why? Where is there a tree next to Elsa\'s castle? And so weird... with ice hanging from green branches that have both snow and flowers on them. Huh? Did Lego watch a different movie? The Trans-Light Blue Bits Before looking at the upper level, a brief pause to look at some other parts. Here\'s the 1x2x5 brick in trans-light blue and the 2x4x6 rock panel in glitter trans-light blue. Do those look like the same blue to you? And again, ANOTHER unique part for this set. Why do those rock panels need to be glitter, when Lego made the same panel in trans light blue in 2013 and 2014 for SuperHeroes, Friends, and Chima sets? Apparently Disney REALLY wanted glitter, because there are a bunch of trans-glitter parts in the new Princess sets. There\'s trans-neon green cones for Jasmine; Ariel, Jasmine, and Sleeping Beauty all get glitter trans purple cones. So there\'s a bunch of new glitter parts for 2015. The Build, 11 Back to building - time to add the upper level. We get a bedroom with a decent bed, although stickered. The Build, 12 The other side of the bedroom has some little accessories. Perfume and a crown I assume? The Build, 13 Time for walls and a roof. I like the small white macaroni bricks for a wall, but what\'s with the lavender fence piece in the center? I\'ll grant that it looks nice (a common white fence would have been a little boring), but it\'s ANOTHER unique piece to this set. The Build, 14 The very top of the castle is built separately. Not a whole lot to say here other than why is there a torch in an ICE CASTLE? The Finished Castle Once the roof is put on, the castle is done. And that big purple star on top says everything to me about the styling. It just doesn\'t look like modern Lego to me; it looks like this should be an old Belville fairy tale set from around 1999. If I saw a photo of just the castle with no figs (or picnic blanket), I\'d assume that\'s what it was. The Oops, Not Actually Done Yet Accessories At the end, there\'s a few bits left to add. There are these dark purple skis (yup, another unique part) in the lower level. Let me tell you, they\'re a pain to get into that location, at least with my big man hands. More Accessories The top level gets a stickered book. The sticker has a nice castle image on it that is, while not quite exactly the castle from Disney World, VERY Disney-looking. I actually had to google and see if that\'s the castle they use in their logo. Nope, but it\'s the same style. The Leftovers There are a LOT of extra parts in this. That\'s almost 10% of the part count in the set right there! They are pretty useful overall though. It\'s great to have an extra "carrot" and brown "branch" for Olaf, since you know those will get lost as he\'s played with. The Figs Finally, the reason for the set. Let\'s face it, the castle set is just an excuse to make these figures. And they\'re GREAT. I mean just fantastic. The print on them is just such a good match to the real characters. Compare to the cartoon version from the front of the box. Elsa\'s hair is a little darker than the cartoon, but overall these are just dead on. If I had to pick out a flaw, it\'s the "spell" Elsa is holding. It\'s too bad she can only shoot it forward with her arm down like that. It\'d be nice to have the end of the splash part bent 90 degrees so she can have her arm forward and the spell shooting forward too. Oh, one other thing. The minidoll heads don\'t press down tight to the body like minifig heads do. There\'s still exposed neck. It looks nice, but it means Elsa\'s cape can swing around. The Fig Backs Elsa\'s cape is glittery on the back and you can see the removable bow in her hair. The Full Set One final issue. When you put Anna on the sleigh, her cape doesn\'t have enough flexibility (since it\'s a wraparound kind) and so it folds out funny. That\'s why on the back of the box it shows her standing on the back of the sleigh with Elsa in the seat. Edit: How on earth did I forget to comment on those orange flowers to each side of the castle? I\'m pretty sure Elsa did NOT have any flowers blooming outside her castle! The Conclusion Hm. I really wanted to like this set, but I just can\'t quite bring myself to. It feels like Lego pulled a random castle design from the files then redid it into white and trans blue to look icy and allow a Frozen tie in set. The figs are great, but the castle isn\'t. I guess the real castle in the movie would be a boring set and this one has play features, but it just is too different for my taste. The Ratings Value: 7/10 - $40 for less than 300 parts is high (especially when so many of the parts are tiny, but on the other hand there\'s a LOT of rock panels and 1x2x5 trans blue panels), but the figs help save it. Design: 4/10 - Not one of Lego\'s best. Not as bad as the lows in the 90s, but not a great set. Minifigs: 10/10 - Possibly even a 12/10. They ARE the reason to buy the set . Playability: 8/10 - There are a bunch of play features, but they actually detract from the design, so I had to knock off a couple points. Parts: 7/10 - A bunch of impractical unique parts (how often do you need dark purple skis or a lavender fence piece?) but also a bunch of nice parts if you wanted to make your own icy scene. Overall: 7/10 - A great bunch of figs, but I\'d recommend not bothering with the manuals. Just use the parts to build your own castle that\'s better.'], [1, "Two of my daughters are building this as we speak. I agree the design is a lot smaller than I would have liked, but they're loving it. No question the figures are the real draw here. And at 6 and almost five years old they're doimg a good job building so far. At least for the 4-6 range in my house, this set is a home run. Thanks for the great review, Mostlytechnic!"], [0, 'I managed to get two sets for my twin girls for Christmas, and would have to agree with your ratings (the Anna and Elsa figs are indeed excellent)'], [1, 'Very nice review, mostlytechinc! Once I saw this set I was interested in it for the colours and pieces...thanks for this review to shed more light onto it!'], [-1, "Isn't getting parts in new colors a good thing? It is a shame there is only this one set, I think TLG could make a whole subtheme out of Frozen. I do agree that they overuse lavender and magenta, I don't see why every girl set has to have these sort of colors instead of what would be accurate to the source material ."], [0, "Vorkosigan, on 09 January 2015 - 12:29 AM, said: Isn't getting parts in new colors a good thing? It is a shame there is only this one set, I think TLG could make a whole subtheme out of Frozen. I do agree that they overuse lavender and magenta, I don't see why every girl set has to have these sort of colors instead of what would be accurate to the source material . Sure, new colors are good. But cramming a bunch of oddball ones into a single set where they don't even make sense just seems financially unwise for Lego. I'd rather have seen a larger set than light aqua spiral staircase parts. Or lavender tiny fences. Lego made the stairs in dark purple last year for Rapunzel's Tower, and those probably would have been ok here. Or make them in a more useful color like WHITE."], [1, 'Thanks for the review mostlytechnic. I too wish they had done a real castle for this set, it certainly deserved it. My sons and I figure they could have used the old rock monster mold from Rock Raiders in white for the missing snow beast. I will pick it up though for the figs and unique pieces.'], [-1, "Thanks for the review! I have the same opinion about the design, looks like Belville. I bought it on Legostore Orlando December 30th. It was impressive. My wife saw them putting on shelf, 8 or 10 boxes. She ran and grabbed the last one! The girls faces around it was indescribable, mix of ecstasy and afraid to loose it. It happened in less than 2 minutes. My 7 yo girl didn't want it. She likes the dresses but hates the movie. Prefers Lego Movie. But my 2 yo girl who never saw the movie grabbed it for good, and we bought it. Lego will sell it like water, but I do not understand why a set so small. It is the WORST SET DESIGN since the introduction of Lego Friends. My 7 yo has more than 50 Lego friends minifigures, all the Lego fiends stores and concluded that the castle had a terrible design. She is 7!! Let's be honest, Lego should have released this sets months before this Christmas and is loosing a perfect opportunity to sell a decent set, with much more pieces. I am wondering if they are going to make another set with the same characters. At the end,. It is just for the minifigures."], [-1, "When I first saw the pictures, I didn't realize that this set had so much color barf going on in it. Also, there is a bunch of stuff that does not fit in with the movie, and it is pricey. The minifigures are nice, but no Kristoff or Sven. I thought about getting this, but this review is pushing me towards no."], [-1, 'Yep, my family all thinks they should have made a bigger set, added figs, and just been printing money. This feels massively rushed into production. Which is weird, the other princess sets that just came out look worlds better.'], [1, "I wish Elsa had more of a white hairpiece rather than blonde. But it could be worse. Not a bad set overall, although Olaf doesn't look right without the twigs on his head. Anna is a really nice and accurate fig."], [0, 'The review is very well done. Thanks! I don\'t know the movie. My key question is whether the bricks in the set will allow to build my own snow/ice creations. Now, with "trans-glitter" being part of the design approach I am not so sure. Can those who have already bought it tell me: can trans-glitter be used as "transparent with snow particles" or is it just terrible? I cannot really tell from the review pic above.'], [1, "I think the trans-glitter blue panels can be icy or snowy just fine. I'm sure that's WHY they used them for this set. Now, if you're looking for realism (like the photos in your sig seem to be), it might be tougher. But I've been thinking about using those big glittery panels to make a waterfall-type scene."], [1, "I'm literally of the exact opposite opinion to OP here. I love the structure and the parts (this is a fantastic little parts pack that I'll be snagging more of when I find it again)...but I've no use for the figures (not a big Disney Princess fan). It's all about the parts. This set is freaking amazing! :D"], [1, "Well, the good news for you is you're in luck whenever you find sets, since the figs sell for a good bit of money :) Right now the bricklink value of the 3 figs is about $30!"], [0, "mostlytechnic, on 10 January 2015 - 02:02 AM, said: I think the trans-glitter blue panels can be icy or snowy just fine. I'm sure that's WHY they used them for this set. Now, if you're looking for realism (like the photos in your sig seem to be), it might be tougher. But I've been thinking about using those big glittery panels to make a waterfall-type scene. The guys over in the historic forum will kill me if my MOCs start to glitter I'll take a closer look when I see the set in a shop (and, as I understand, I can sell the minifigs for the price of the set...)."], [1, "Very nice review indeed and I also can't wait for the release of this set. It will be a superb wonderful addition to the LEGO Disney Princess theme."], [0, "I'm pretty sure I've gotten other sets recently with three pieces of tape on them."], [0, "I see the cookie smugglers from the Detective's Office have already infiltrated other Lego themes......."], [0, "There is a very simple reason for the flowers and green-leaved trees; you should remember from the movie it was actually summer when Elsa set of the eternal winter… The orange flowers do bother me, from a design point of view; I would have liked it better if they were a pink/purple/blue/white color. Same goes for the leafy bits; they could have used the pink/purple ones they are gonna use in the Elves sets. It would have been fantastic if they had given us WHITE leafy bits (like snow covered branches)! I'm sure loads of us could use those in our MOCs! Edited by Bennemans, 13 January 2015 - 06:14 PM."], [1, 'Thanks for the review. This will end up being a must buy for my daughter.'], [1, 'Great review! I definitely agree, the minidolls are too awesome and are definitely a must-have. I love all the extra pieces from any set, some of them go on my phone case.'], [-1, 'Bennemans, on 13 January 2015 - 06:08 PM, said: There is a very simple reason for the flowers and green-leaved trees; you should remember from the movie it was actually summer when Elsa set of the eternal winter… True, but all around her ICE CASTLE it is all winter. So why are there non-winter bits in this set? Doesn\'t make sense. The picnic is because they wanted a mini-vignette for Olaf to fit into, but the rest of the green and flowers don\'t make sense. Tenorikuma, on 13 January 2015 - 09:58 AM, said: I\'m pretty sure I\'ve gotten other sets recently with three pieces of tape on them. Cool, good to know. Was wondering but haven\'t remembered to look when I\'m at a store recently. WhiteFang, on 13 January 2015 - 09:12 AM, said: Very nice review indeed and I also can\'t wait for the release of this set. It will be a superb wonderful addition to the LEGO Disney Princess theme. Thanks for the FP, but "a lovely sweet review?" I thought I bashed this set pretty hard'], [1, 'This seems to be one of those sets that LEGO really should have released a month before Christmas, it likely then would have been toy of the year 2014,'], [0, "I'm trusting there is something else going on behind the scenes because this should have been a huge set and released in November of 2014 at the latest. Maybe we will see more and better Frozen sets when the post-Christmas consumer spending wave hits. Edited by m0dulo, 13 January 2015 - 10:03 PM."], [-1, 'Hello everyone, I am back to share with all of you, another of my Legends of Chima polybags review. It will be pretty comprehensive since the finished built will be quick and will be focusing more of what kind of fun that you can derive from there. This polybag was bought in September 2013, when I visited LEGOLAND Malaysia and I did not hesitate to put this in my shopping basket. Name: 30253 Leonidas Jungle Dragster Theme: LEGO System / Legends of Chima Year: 2013 Pieces: 30 Minifigs: 1 minifigure Price: USD N.A, GBP N.A, EURO N.A, SGD N.A Resources: Brickset, BrickLink An original polybag image of the 30253 Leonidas Jungle Dragster Back view of the original polybag image of the 30253 Leonidas Jungle Dragster The road scout of the Lions Tribe This polybag design is definitely plan to be the quickest and fastest dragster to recce enemy front by making a swift scout for the Lions Tribe. I believe by the sound of the name, Jungle Dragster, it might just be suitable to use in jungle terrain. Well, I don\'t quite agree that this is a \'Dragster\' even though it has the kind of open view concept of rolling in fast but it does not have the length of a typical dragster, similar to this Town polybag design, for example. Still, it is nice to have smaller variants of their vehicular supremacy. Instruction Manual (Front) Instruction Manual (Back) The LEGO building content With just 30 LEGO elements, you can be pretty quick to be able to display these laid out content. After the built is completed, these are the remaining spare parts. I am fond of the wheels which are some useful parts, other than that, there are nothing spectacular about it. My name is Leonidas and I belonged to the Lions Tribe Do not be mistaken of his name, Leonidas to be the King of Sparta who led the brave men of 300 Spartans Warriors to fight to the death against the Persians. Instead this character is based on the bio resided in LEGO.com, you will realise that he is aligned with the Lions tribe and is a proud Lion foot-soldier. He may have that goofy idiotic look but he can be very serious in his commitment to discharging his duties. You are able to observe his nice back view printing which reveal his black and blue sash. Leonidas has a dual facial feature to reveal his much serious appearance. Leonidas is one of the common characters available in the Legends of Chima universe. It can be found in a total of five sets. It is a great pity that there is no weapon being made for him in this polybag design which will certainly make a fine addition. The completed built of the Jungle Dragster This is the main design of the Jungle Dragster which is very simple looking. There is no distinct fighting capability from the vehicular design and it look just like a regular patrol vehicle. One thing I like about this, is the close distinct colour schema of the Lions Tribe. Other than that, there is nothing special about it. Moving off with my Jungle Dragster To conclude, this polybag is really meant for LEGO fans or collectors who appreciate Legends of Chima or wanting to sample the Legends of Chima theme. It is a very simple built, but yet could form a decent force size for recce purposes before sending in the big arsenals to whack their enemies. Either way, I will only suggest you to buy it if you really love this theme at an inexpensive price. Otherwise, it is perfectly alright to give this a miss. Summary review Playability: 4/10 (You need to have more Lions Tribe vehicles in order to bring the best and fun out of it since this is more of a supporting vehicle.) Design: 4/10 (Simplistic built of the dragster and main focus is just acquiring the minifigure.) Price: 4/10 (Bought at about USD$7, which is not an awesome price, so get it if you can get it more than half of this price.) Overall: 4/10 (If only you are a huge mega fan of the Legends of Chima, then you need to get this.) I gave it a "2" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? I hope every one of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Criticisms are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Flickr.'], [1, 'I love how the front/hood looks like a lion.'], [-1, 'Good and helpful review again, WhiteFang. I probably have no use for a lionish creature with goofy looks...'], [0, "What's up pups? I have written a review for 7786 Batcopter: The Chase for Scarecrow on my website: BrickZone.net As usual it involves Fabuland figures involved in a crazy story. Enjoy and feel free to let me know what you think. Thanks! X-D click on the picture to read the review..."], [1, "Thanks for this review, I love this set *wub* That batman is great, and I've always loved that awesome scarecrow fig. That new pumpkin is fantastic, I can't wait to get it in the set...how many come with the set? I hope more than two :'-( I love both of those vehicles, this set is a definite buy for me!"], [1, "Starwars4J, on Jul 18 2007, 03:22 AM, said: That new pumpkin is fantastic, I can't wait to get it in the set...how many come with the set? I hope more than two :'-( um...two. :-/ sorry. I made that face to see which emoticon matched. That's how I feel. Sorry, it sucks but they are very cool. I also am very happy with this purchase. Both vehicles are awesome. I may even keep them together for a few days! :-D :-D :-D"], [1, 'Very nice Hinckley! The Payton and Fenix thing was great *y* "Carnavore!" :-D'], [1, 'That was a great review with loads of excellent pictures. The set is better than I thought. I want to buy one of the new sets as I would love a blue Batman, but they are so expensive for Australians. I love the new pumpkin heads. The story involved more mini-fig cruelty; excellent! I also liked the scarecrow/crow joke. :-D (One request; please don\'t say lines like "To the Batcopter" next time. That is the old TV series and I hated that. >:-) Feel free to tell me to stick my request up my M#g@Bl*cks.)'], [0, 'Great Review *y* :-) Your reviews are so funny They are so much fun to read especially the end part with the comic SPOILER ALERT!!!! :-D Gavin always dies though But it is still hilarious I can\'t wait till your next review Or till your "Book of the ancients tale" Quick Question,are you making it serious or funny? I prefer funny ;-) Piranha'], [1, 'Sinner, on Jul 18 2007, 05:19 AM, said: That was a great review with loads of excellent pictures. The set is better than I thought. I want to buy one of the new sets as I would love a blue Batman, but they are so expensive for Australians. I love the new pumpkin heads. The story involved more mini-fig cruelty; excellent! I also liked the scarecrow/crow joke. :-D (One request; please don\'t say lines like "To the Batcopter" next time. That is the old TV series and I hated that. >:-) Feel free to tell me to stick my request up my M#g@Bl*cks.) Sinner, Thanks brother! And yes please take your request and stick it...back in your heart where it came from! :-X I know you mean well, but I love the camp!! I purposely put "to the batcopter" and my favorite "the jig is up!" in there because it\'s so ridiculous. And don\'t you know requesting me not to do it will only encourage me to do it more? I annoy because I love... *wub* The crow is my favorite part. :-$ I\'m happy to be swaying you over to the side of mini-fig suffering >:-) It sucks that your pricing is so different over there. Perhaps if you\'re a good sinner (?) santa will bring you some evil pumpkin heads for Christmas. Or whoever brings you presents over there...a magical wallabee flying a didjeridoo, I presume... :-P Piranha! Always my biggest fan. Thanks brother. I\'m glad I can amuse you. Book of the Ancients is serious but Fabuland Housewives will overlap for those who prefer the comedy. I hope Book of the Ancients is good. I\'m re-tooling it right now because I was identifying a lot of cliches, so I threw a lot of plots out the window and re-visited my whole concept. Anyway, there will always be quick wacky reviews that will hopefully amuse you. Norrington-Thanks as always, my buddy. *sweet*'], [0, 'hinckley39, on Jul 18 2007, 04:51 PM, said: Sinner, Thanks brother! And yes please take your request and stick it...back in your heart where it came from! :-X I know you mean well, but I love the camp!! I purposely put "to the batcopter" and my favorite "the jig is up!" in there because it\'s so ridiculous. And don\'t you know requesting me not to do it will only encourage me to do it more? I annoy because I love... *wub* I thought you would like it! I am pleased to say that I didn\'t know that "the jig is up!" was also a common line. Most of what I remember about the old Batman TV show actually comes from the movie as I own that. (Mum bought it for me.) I tend to put in on if I have friends over and I am drunk enough. I like the darker side of Batman only, and thus anything that is against the idea that Batman is as big a loon as the guys that he hauls in I don\'t like. Joel schumaker\'s movies fall well within that category. hinckley39, on Jul 18 2007, 04:51 PM, said: The crow is my favorite part. :-$ I\'m happy to be swaying you over to the side of mini-fig suffering >:-) It sucks that your pricing is so different over there. Perhaps if you\'re a good sinner (?) santa will bring you some evil pumpkin heads for Christmas. Or whoever brings you presents over there...a magical wallabee flying a didjeridoo, I presume... :-P Santa brings presents here. In the middle of summer, in full winter rig. He is a hero. At least he can come down chimneys here without being burnt :-P ! But I am not too badly done by. I should be buying some more (non-Licensed) Lego goodness tomorrow...'], [1, "When i first saw pic's of the bi-plane i wasn't sure if i liked it or not, but after seeing it in more detail i gotta say i love the thing *wub* It's a great plane with so many good aspect's, it's also the perfect counter vehicle for the new bat-plane. For me though the best part of the set has got to be the new pumpkin heads, those are just beautiful and i cant wait to get lots of them."], [0, "Nice review. The Batcopter is pretty neat, but I prefer Scarecrow's bi-plane. Quote Batsy: We needed to wrap this review up so I used my Baterang. Bianca: Is that really what it's called? Batsy: Beats me... Nooo... it's Batarang."], [-1, "Great review! Funny as allways! The comic was just a hell lot of fun. It really had me laughing. I would love to have this set but the price is just to high here, far worse than I had expected. I'll be better off buying the Battank, which is much better priced. Actually there is almost no price difference between The Batcopter and The Battank here *wacko*"], [1, 'Tks mate for this brilliant review :-D I loved your Batfabuland story !! Always fantastic to read like always *sweet* I really love this set and I shall buy 2 copies: one to build as is, and another one for my town loool: regular biplane for the tarmac, and my swat copter ;-) BTW, I would have a request: could you post pic(s) of the parts inventory please ;-) Many tks in advance !! *yoda*'], [-1, "Christian, on Jul 18 2007, 08:21 PM, said: I would love to have this set but the price is just to high here, far worse than I had expected. I'll be better off buying the Battank, which is much better priced. Actually there is almost no price difference between The Batcopter and The Battank here *wacko* That is insane! *wacko* 450 and 500! Indeed; you should just buy the tank. Comparing the price of the Tank to the Batwing you seem to be getting quite a good deal there. Both are over priced for Australians and the Tank is twice the price of the copter. (They are 60 AUD and 120 AUD.) I am still not sure if I will buy either... :'-( Edited by Sinner, 18 July 2007 - 11:47 AM."], [1, "Thanks for the review. I'm definitely getting this, mainly becasue it's Batman. I love the blue Bats, the Scarecrow is good as ever, and those new pumpkins are just *wub* . There's a few things I'll MOD, but nothing really major. I'll have to wait till I get this to decide properly though."], [0, 'What a fine review and what a funny story, thanks! *y* Dark tan and new Technic hub.... very interesting. Scare the crow on! :-D'], [0, 'Very nice review *y* :-P :-D'], [1, 'Sinner, on Jul 18 2007, 08:24 AM, said: I thought you would like it! I am pleased to say that I didn\'t know that "the jig is up!" was also a common line. Most of what I remember about the old Batman TV show actually comes from the movie as I own that. (Mum bought it for me.) I tend to put in on if I have friends over and I am drunk enough. I like the darker side of Batman only, and thus anything that is against the idea that Batman is as big a loon as the guys that he hauls in I don\'t like. Joel schumaker\'s movies fall well within that category. Wait, what? Are you saying you prefer the Joel Schumacher films? If you like the darker side of Batman, I recommend the Tim Burton films. Joel Schumacher is as campy as "the jig is up" IMO. He added freakin\' nipples to the batsuit for God\'s sake! :-P You\'d have to be nice and drunk to enjoy his films. ;-) I really like Batman, Batman Returns and Batman Begins. Sinner, on Jul 18 2007, 08:24 AM, said: Santa brings presents here. In the middle of summer, in full winter rig. He is a hero. At least he can come down chimneys here without being burnt :-P ! No. No no no. I saw a movie once. I\'m pretty sure it\'s a wallabee. xwingyoda, on Jul 18 2007, 11:27 AM, said: Tks mate for this brilliant review :-D I loved your Batfabuland story !! Always fantastic to read like always *sweet* I really love this set and I shall buy 2 copies: one to build as is, and another one for my town loool: regular biplane for the tarmac, and my swat copter ;-) BTW, I would have a request: could you post pic(s) of the parts inventory please ;-) Many tks in advance !! *yoda* What nice things to say! :-$ Thanks mate! You always make me feel brilliant. :-$ Here is the parts inventory: (click to enlarge) The Scarecrow plane would make an excellent crop duster and the batcopter will make an excellent swat copter. Sweet! *sweet* Thanks everybody else for the nice compliments as well. I\'m deeply concerned about price differences in other countries. It seems pretty ridiculous and counter-productive for TLC. Has anyone posted about this in the Embassy forum?'], [0, "hinckley39, on Jul 19 2007, 12:59 PM, said: Wait, what? Are you saying you prefer the Joel Schumacher films? Sorry, due to my convoluted sentance structure you mis-interpretted me. I meant that Joel Shumaker's movies fall well within the category of being against the idea that Batman is as big a loon as the guys that he hauls in. Just to be sure, I hate :-X the Joel Schumaker Batman movies. hinckley39, on Jul 19 2007, 12:59 PM, said: No. No no no. I saw a movie once. I'm pretty sure it's a wallabee. I'll get back to you at Christmas. It is possible I made a mistake. hinckley39, on Jul 19 2007, 12:59 PM, said: I'm deeply concerned about price differences in other countries. It seems pretty ridiculous and counter-productive for TLC. Has anyone posted about this in the Embassy forum? Yes. I also wrote to Lego about it and I posted their reply."], [0, "Sinner, on Jul 19 2007, 04:15 AM, said: Sorry, due to my convoluted sentance structure you mis-interpretted me. I meant that Joel Shumaker's movies fall well within the category of being against the idea that Batman is as big a loon as the guys that he hauls in. Just to be sure, I hate :-X the Joel Schumaker Batman movies. Thank you for clarifying. We can still be friends now. People are entitled to their opinions but the opinion that the Joel Schumacher Batman films are any good is just wrong and stupid. :-P Sinner, on Jul 19 2007, 04:15 AM, said: I'll get back to you at Christmas. It is possible I made a mistake. Yes. I also wrote to Lego about it and I posted their reply. Thanks for the link! I was too lazy to search..."], [0, 'hinckley39, on Jul 19 2007, 05:24 AM, said: People are entitled to their opinions but the opinion that the Joel Schumacher Batman films are any good is just wrong and stupid. :-P They weren\'t that bad. If anything, the new film is the best one. And it didn\'t irreparably kill the baddie at the end... |-/ I love the 60s show, even though I\'ve only seen the movie. Sure it was camp, not Batman, and often ridiculous, but so what? That was the charm. Besides, it\'s the comics that rule, so there! "Holy opinions, Batman!" :-D'], [0, 'What about the cartoon??? Batman: The Animated Series will always be the definitive Batman to me. The two Tim Burton movies were okay (they haven\'t aged well though), and I really dig what Christopher Nolan is doing with the new movies. Christian Bale did a fine job in "Batman Begins" ... but when I watch the movie, I hear Kevin Conroy\'s voice in my head. The cartoon rocked. And as much as I enjoyed the Justice League Unlimited cartoon, my biggest complaint was always: more Batman please!!'], [1, "hinckley39, on Jul 19 2007, 03:59 AM, said: What nice things to say! :-$ Thanks mate! You always make me feel brilliant. :-$ Here is the parts inventory: (click to enlarge) hehe meet *yoda* the ego booster :-D Tks mate for these pics, for once very few parts I want to change on that plane !! I'll just swith to some black parts like the two 2x12 and the 2x4 and I will get rid of those coloured 1x1 slopes on the side !! He is Batman, no need to show his copter's right from left :-P Can't wait to get that set !! Stealth Mode On !! *yoda*"], [1, 'Excellent hinckley *y* *y* *y* ! Looks like a nice set - I like the mix of dark Batman-pieces and a bit lighter Badmans-pieces. Batmans new blue headpiece looks a bit off though. I love your stories *wub* - especially now-a-days when I?m a AFOFL X-D! Keep up the work mister! Dark tan On copmike'], [0, 'hinckley39, on Jul 19 2007, 12:59 PM, said: I really like Batman, Batman Returns and Batman Begins. I like the first one (although I have seen it too much now), love the second one and am undecided about Batman Begins. I didn\'t like how he insisted on wasting time with the backstory, and I especially didn\'t like the certain over repeated lines like "Mr Wayne, why do we fall down" and "You should learn to mind your surroundings." Brainbox, on Jul 19 2007, 08:30 PM, said: I love the 60s show, even though I\'ve only seen the movie. Sure it was camp, not Batman, and often ridiculous, but so what? That was the charm. I think that is the truth. The old Batman TV show had its good points (not many if you ask me), but it isn\'t really Batman. Joebot, on Jul 19 2007, 11:40 PM, said: What about the cartoon??? Batman: The Animated Series will always be the definitive Batman to me. I agree 100%. I think the best Batman movie is Mask of the Phantasm. Incidentally, I love your new avatar copmike. Fabuland has a certain charm... Edited by Sinner, 19 July 2007 - 03:11 PM.'], [0, "Sinner, on Jul 19 2007, 04:08 PM, said: Incidentally, I love your new avatar copmike. Fabuland has a certain charm... Thanks :'-) ! Fab On copmike"], [1, "Out of nowhere this set appeared at my local TRU. Hadn't been expecting this one for a while, so a nice surprise. *sweet* Firstly the box. Nice pic on the front. Good selection of minifigs. The officer and pilot look cool with their dark blue trousers. A new R2 unit as well. Don't remeber this in the film, but great to have one in a new colour. *wub* Back of the box shows some of the ship's nifty features. First thing you notice when you open the box, is the awesome selection of bricks. This makes a for a great parts pack. Loads of unusual red and dark red pieces. It's so refreshing to see a Star Wars set that isn't predominantly grey. There are also two instruction booklets. As soon as you open the first booklet you hit an error. Why would I want two Obi-Wans? :-| It's also at this point that you come across a big disappointment. On the box you get a flesh Qui-Gon. What is actually in the box is an EpIII Obi-Wan. Come on LEGO - why change it? |-/ All the figures look impressive in the flesh despite the BIG mistake. Once I started the build it progressed rapidly. Red pieces seem to be a lot easier to find. Lots of clever techniques. Quite a few Technic elements get used at the start. It reminded me of building a Technic set from the 80s at times. Here is the main body half way through the build. The landing mechanism is a nice touch. Its not fully retractable, but still folds away nicely. You find the ship keeps tipping over as you build it despite the feet, as it's only at the end thay it all becomes evenly balanced at both ends. Here the feet are extended. You can also see the yellow knob that rotates the radar on top of the ship. Landing gear up viewed from the front. Here are the radar. A great collection of dishes. They spin easily with little friction. Here is the ship at the half way point. The front works well with the top flipping up to squeeze in the pilot. More to come... :-)"], [0, "You're second post on this forum and already you bring us this great review. Thanks for making this !!"], [0, 'Thanks for this great review *y* :-) And Welcome to eurobricks *n* Whats with the obi wan head??? Darn TLC........ Piranha'], [0, 'Kernow, on Jul 22 2007, 10:48 PM, said: A new R2 unit as well. Don\'t remeber this in the film, but great to have one in a new colour. *wub* It\'s also at this point that you come across a big disappointment. On the box you get a flesh Qui-Gon. What is actually in the box is an EpIII Obi-Wan. More to come... :-) Nice review and I can?t wait to see part II :\'-)! The "Qui-Gon" incident is just plain stupid >:-(! Nice to have a new droid *y*! Part II Wait On copmike'], [-1, "What's up Kernow!!?? Nice review. Thanks for sharing. Welcome to Eurobricks, I hope you have fun here! :-D X-D That Qui-Gonn thing is weird. Come on LEGO! Someone is just asleep at the wheel over there with quality control. Missing pieces, injections molds, slipping quality, ice cube trays...IMO, that's a huge thing to miss. The mini-fig on the box doesn't come in the set=false claims. Anyway, the ship looks beautiful and I wanted this set when I first saw it and your review confirms that it is very cool. Thanks again! X-D X-D"], [1, "7665 Review Part 2 The second half of the build goes quicker than the first. Once you start to add the engines, the ship really begins to take shape. The main body of the ship has a few surprises hidden away under a removable cover. Inside you get some retracting guns, a storage box, a little shuttle and space for a droid and figure. Here is everything you can fit inside. The guns are concealed behind the side vents. Pushing them forward causes the vents to open. Closed: And open: The final feature is the passenger area/escape pod. Inside is plenty of space for two figures. The pod cleverly attaches by pushing the front section of the ship forward, sliding the pod in, then returning the front. Everything locks together and is held securely in place by an elastic band. :-) Here's a couple of pictures of the final model. It's not the most beautiful creation ever, but it is an excellent representation of the ship from the film. The angular shape actually suits a LEGO build well. There's one more useful feature. The whole ship can be safely and comfortably picked up by two ball ended Technic pins towards the back end. It balances well at this point and does allow you to swoosh the ship around much more easily. This was the most enjoyable Star Wars build I've had in a long time. Everything progresses nicely with almost no repetitive bits. The ship looks good and is also HUGE! *sweet* Compare it to the 6211 ISD and you'll see it's only fractionally smaller. When I first saw pictures of this on the internet I thought it looked OK. Once you see it for real it is much more impressive. For ?69.99 in the UK I'm not complaining. It's the best value Star Wars set of the year so far. To conclude: Pieces: 9/10 Minifigures: 7/10 (would be a 9 apart from the stupid Qui-Gon/Obi-Wan head error) Playability: 8/10 Originality: 9/10 Set Design: 8/10 Overall: 8.2/10 The box says this is a Limited Edition set (whatever that means). So if you're planning to get it I'd suggest you grab it at the first opportunity. I'm glad I did! X-D Edited by Kernow, 22 July 2007 - 10:56 PM."], [1, "Kernow, on Jul 22 2007, 11:36 PM, said: 7665 Review Part 2 There's one more useful feature. The whole ship can be safely and comfortably picked up by two ball ended Technic pins towards the back end. It balances well at this point and does allow you to swoosh the ship around much more easily. Yeah, nude swoosh On X-D! Excellent review! This looks like a very nice piece of LEGO-enginereing *y*! Like you I think it looks like the original. I did think though that it was supposed to be a un-armed ship but I can defenitly live with that X-D! The escape shuttle looks roamy enough, a bit dull though but it could have a PS III stached away somewhere, but the other shuttle :-| - come on! Is it for Mini-me when he needs to go and get some burgers & fries? Getting at least two On copmike"], [1, "Thanks for the review! I'm glad to see Lego including details of everyday life, like the food (though a plate would have been nice). Steve"], [0, "Brick Miner, on Jul 31 2007, 07:46 PM, said: as for the set, the thing that jumps out at me most is the use of dark blue for water... im so used to seeing the classic blue for water, that the dark blue seems weird. i don't like it. - BM Indeed, I only noticed this when I saw the S@H images. I guees that they're on dark waters. You can always put some trans blue and trans clear 1x1 round plates, no? I tried that technique to make the lava (using trans red and trans orange plates), it looks neat. Regarding the human soldier thing Yoda mentioned, it's quite weird. Like him, I'm going to swap the legs, so they're coherent with the soldiers from the other sets. Third note: is it just me or did you attach the two black gate pieces too high? Shakar"], [1, "Nice review, I like the building/port the most mmm,dark blue plates *wub* Pity it is a Toys'r'us exclusive, In The Netherlands there are only Toys'r'usses in the greater cities."], [0, 'Shakar, on Aug 1 2007, 01:34 PM, said: Third note: is it just me or did you attach the two black gate pieces too high? Shakar No, I think this is correct. The upper plate with clip for the door is a little high, on top of a dark gray 1x1 brick. So if you want the door to operate well you have to place it like that. I just put the clip under that brick, a very easy fix, so my door now is lower which looks better IMHO, and no sneaky skelly can crawl along under it.... X-D'], [1, "Not sure I like this one much. I like many of the new parts but the boat isn't that great and I would rather get each seperately so I can avoid the whole skeleton army. Nice review though!"], [1, 'Asuka, on Aug 1 2007, 01:47 PM, said: No, I think this is correct. The upper plate with clip for the door is a little high, on top of a dark gray 1x1 brick. So if you want the door to operate well you have to place it like that. I just put the clip under that brick, a very easy fix, so my door now is lower which looks better IMHO, and no sneaky skelly can crawl along under it.... X-D Exactly. Asuka is correct. Also keep in mind that the picture was taken looking down on the model that is sitting on the carpet. It makes the gap appear a little larger. In addition; for those of you that recommended ironing the sail, it worked great. I set the iron to low and used a t-shirt to protect the sail. It flattened it out perfectly. In fact, it worked so well, that I did the same with my old WW Weapons Wagon cover that has gotten wrinkled over the years. The iron worked perfectly.'], [1, 'Yes, that was definately an optic illusion. Looking at it again, the gap looks a lot shorter. Thanks. :-) Shakar'], [1, "Yes, very nice review Mr Brickster! I think I , for a change, like the castle part better. The ship doesn't look quite right to me. If they're gonna make a pirate theme with ships like this I wouldn't be very happy... But I think the ship brings some nice accesories. Like the anchor, a black mid piece(!), steering wheel etc. I think I'll buy it eventually. Wout, on Aug 1 2007, 08:19 PM, said: Nice review, I like the building/port the most mmm,dark blue plates *wub* Pity it is a Toys'r'us exclusive, In The Netherlands there are only Toys'r'usses in the greater cities. Ah, that's good to know, now I won't be searching in other toystores as well! Thanks! Mr Tiber"], [0, "@ mr Tiber: They have them at the toys'r'us in Eindhoven. In the new shoppingcentrum west of the Bijenkorf. And the Bijenkorf is west of the central station."], [1, "Wout, on Aug 3 2007, 08:42 PM, said: @ mr Tiber: They have them at the toys'r'us in Eindhoven. In the new shoppingcentrum west of the Bijenkorf. And the Bijenkorf is west of the central station. Thanks for the info! Although, that's like 80 km from my place, while I have a toys'r'us like 25 km from my place! :-D Thanks anyway, maybe I'll be in or around Eindhoven in the near future... Mr Tiber"], [1, "Thanks for the review Brickster! It's great to be able to see more views of this set."], [1, "Ok here is the set alot of us star wars fans have been waiting for! The 7666 Hoth Rebel Base! *wub* First the box Now the great minifigs! That stunning K-3po fig! Now the snowspeeder! AAAAGGGHHHHH these parts are all stickers! Now for the turret! the 2 cones on the side press in to fire out 2 blue lights saber blades :-D Now for the small crane thingy. Yes the part under the engine on the snowspeeder is another sticker 8-| Echo Base!! (well the front door anyway :-D ) The main control room? :-D Again these are stickers on a tinted clear panel and on the slope |-/ I have no idea what this is meant to be! :-D Finally 2 shots of the full set! *wub* Well over all i really like this set and think it is great value for money. The minifigs alone would set you back more than the cost of this set. The build time was a good 2 hours or so and was good fun! The snowspeeder is not as good as the second snowspeeder and no where near as good as the first in my opinion, but i did love that first one. The k-3po fig is perfect and it is good to be getting more droids that aren't r2-d2 and c-3po. It is a shame about the stickers but that is the price of keeping the cost down i suppose (the only printed part in the whole set is the snowspeeder/x-wing windscreen). I will definately be getting atleast another 3 of this great set. 9/10"], [1, 'I love it.... depending on the Australian price! (If it comes down here that is.) Incidently, I have no idea what that other yellow thing is either! Thanks for the review.'], [1, "Thanks for the review! mutley777, on Aug 2 2007, 02:37 PM, said: I have no idea what this is meant to be! :-D That's to put the snowspeeder on (there should be a 2x4 plate underneath the snowspeeder that fits in that gap)."], [0, "sam89, on Aug 2 2007, 10:59 PM, said: That's to put the snowspeeder on Oh. :-$"], [1, "sam89, on Aug 2 2007, 02:59 PM, said: Thanks for the review! That's to put the snowspeeder on (there should be a 2x4 plate underneath the snowspeeder that fits in that gap). :-D Oh yeah!"], [1, "all i can say is... WOW... can't wait for my local stores to stock this! Nice review btw :-) Does the snowspeeder actually fit through the door? Thanks! Edited by supernova, 02 August 2007 - 02:06 PM."], [1, 'WoW you are so lucky to have that sett ! , men ! TLC dont let me wait! , ?hh i mean TRU'], [1, '*y* Awesome reveiw on an awesome set!!! I gotta get me one of these!! *y*'], [1, 'A very good review, thanks mutley777! *y* Hmm, that shattered base looks better than I thought.... a very playable set, really nice. For the Snowspeeder, I prefer the main gun design of its predecessor, but the grappling hook gun is a good improvement. If the door would just be large enough for it.... :-P'], [1, "don't worry guys, the snowspeeder fits through the door easily :-)"], [0, 'Mutley , did you bought it @ TRU? - Are there any other sets? exept of Hoth Base , and is there the republic cruiser?'], [-1, "I thought after the King's Royal Castle uproar about stickers, Lego would have gone back to printed bricks. Obviously, it is all about costs these days and not about keeping people happy."], [1, 'aayla-secura, on Aug 2 2007, 03:22 PM, said: Mutley , did you bought it @ TRU? - Are there any other sets? exept of Hoth Base , and is there the republic cruiser? I really had to restrain myself this morning! They had all the new star wars summer sets and republic cruiser too!!! There was a girl unpacking sets and saying to me, oh this ones just come in and this one :-D (showing me the republic cruiser, MTT, Jedi with hyperdrive ring, naboo star fighter and the hoth base) I had to leave, or that would have ended up one very expensive morning :-D'], [1, 'WoW!! Why didnt you bought 3 of them :-D?'], [1, "Wow, I didn't think we'd get a review so fast 8-? Really nice review, the pictures explain it all *y* :-) I really hope to get this set as it is really great... I guess :-D"], [1, 'The snowspeeder is love.'], [1, 'great looking set ... how much was it ?'], [0, '?40 I think.'], [1, 'sam89, on Aug 2 2007, 04:53 PM, said: ?40 I think. Yep! Very reasonable *y*'], [1, "mutley777, on Aug 2 2007, 05:00 PM, said: Yep! Very reasonable *y* not too bad ... might have to pick that up soon then, I will be in TRU in Southampton over the weekend ;) I think I'll buy the bigger sets here and get the smaller ones in the USA later in the year. The smaller the boxes, the more chance I will have getting them in my suitcase ;) I have to say, I am very glad we are now not getting a 1:1 ratio between the numbers used prices in USA vs UK (e.g. it is not longer ?49.99 = $49.99) :)"], [1, "Excellent set. The snowtroopers are just amazing (most Lego imperial troops are really good). However, it's sad that except from Luke, all the rebels have the same face which is what is more the most unexpressive that you can find. For the rest, the quality looks excellent. The snowspeeder is far better than the first they realized (but only one thing: it looks a bit too white to me. I think I remember they were grey and orange rather than white in the film) and the Echo Base door is really cool. Really nice set. Edited by Lord Beckett, 02 August 2007 - 04:14 PM."], [1, 'Nice review mutley *y*! I agree with all your observations, especially stickers versus printed parts |-/! I get some of this and replace the snowspeeders with my v.2?s. Hoth On copmike'], [1, 'Great review - NOW I WANT IT EVEN MORE! ?40??? That sounds reasonable in comparison to our recent experiences!'], [1, "mutley777, on Aug 2 2007, 02:37 PM, said: Ok here is the set alot of us star wars fans have been waiting for! The 7666 Hoth Rebel Base! *wub* First the box Now I really don't know what to get for Christmas :-( :'-( . THe Bi-wing baron or this! And it's quoted because it says LIMITED EDITION?!?!?! I may never get this set now :'-("], [-1, "Man the stickers on everything are really starting to irritate me a lot. I'm not sure I like the white 3P0, in a set that is primarily made up of whites. Doesn't stand out enough. The snowspeeder looks a lot shorter than previous versions. Steve"], [0, 'REVIEW - 42039 - 24 HOURS RACE CAR INTRODUCTION When the preliminary images of the "Le Mans Racer" surfaced somewhere last year (2014) it got a lot of praise. This changed dramatically when the final images of the 24 Hours Race Car showed up. The front side of the car, especially the head lights, and the curvature of the side of car had changed a lot. The car obviously still resembled the prototype, but the new design raised a lot of eyebrows. The new design was considered a step back instead of forward. Eventhough I still liked the design, I must admit I liked the earlier design better too. With the emphasis on past tense liked. I am not sure anymore and this review will show you why. Like the Arctic Truck this set has a B-model which is well worth checking out. That\'s why this review includes both the A-model and B-model. For people who are on the fence, the B-model might actually convince them to buy the set after all. Let\'s see what this set is all about! Note: All images can be clicked for hi-res versions. SET INFORMATION Number: 42039 Title: 24 Hours Race Car Theme: Technic Released: 2015 Part Count: 1219 Box Weight: 2110 gr Box Dimensions: 47,8 cm x 37,3 cm x 8,7 cm Model Dimensions: 40 cm x 18 cm Set Price (MSRP): €99.99 / $? / £99.99 Price per Part: €0.082 / $? / £0.082 Links: Brickset, Bricklink THE BOX The box measures 47,8 cm x 37,3 cm x 8,7 cm and weighs well over 2kg (2110 gr to be precise). The width of the box is the same as the box of the Arctic Truck. This box also feels like it\'s filled to the brim. THE FRONT The front shows a picture of the main model in action, with radial blurred wheels to emphasize the motion of the car. The lower right section shows the dimensions of the model. Upon completion, it will measure a length of 40cm and a width of 18 cm. THE BACK Like the front, the back side has exactly the same setup as the box of the Arctic Truck. The top shows the functions of the model, while the lower left side shows the B-model and the lower right side shows the motorization options. The picture of the B-model looks so cool, it could be a model of it\'s own. At this point I was very eager to build both models and compare them. THE SIDE One of the sides usually shows a part in 1:1 scale. This time it\'s one of the wheels indicating the size of the model. CONTENT OF THE BOX The box contains: 1 Book(let) 1 Sticker Sheet 13 Bags 4 Tires INSTRUCTION BOOKLET Since I own two copies of the set, I also received two instruction booklets. What\'s catching my eye is that my second copy is supplied in different packaging than the first one. It\'s for the first time (that I am aware of) that the instruction booklet and stickers come in a sealed bag, without cardboard back. Hopefully this will be a new standard for all sets with sticker sheets. Instead of multiple booklets, this set contains a single square bound book. In earlier reviews I have epxressed my preference for a single book. I don\'t see any advantage in having 2, 3 or even up to 6 booklets. STICKER SHEET Like the actual model, the sticker sheet looks very vibrant. The bright green, white and black color combination has found it\'s way to the stickers as well. Either you love \'em or hate \'em. Since I started writing reviews I have been applying stickers and I am happy I started doing it. Stickers do give the model it\'s finishing touch. BAGS WITH PARTS Thirteen bags with a total of 1219 parts (give or take a few) are supplied in the densily packed box. The rims and flex are sealed in a bag as well. Sometimes looking at the bags makes you wonder what the logic is, behind the distribution of the various parts across the different bags. Well this time it really got me confused. Take a look at two of the bags below. There\'s a bag containing all the 3L Blue Pins. Then there\'s a bag with various parts....and a single 3L Blue Pin. I figured this might be an error, but both of the sets have the same anomaly. TIRES The tires have been supplied unbagged, as usual. HIGHLIGHTED PARTS This chapter describes new and interesting parts. This set actually contains a lot of them. This set also contains an abundance of panels. If you aren\'t into panels, this isn\'t the set for you. CHANGEOVER CATCH This year (2015) the new changeover catch parts were released. It\'s a combination of three parts. The advantage of the new parts is that the red gear is the same on both sides, which avoids mounting it the wrong way around. It also avoids the changeover catch slipping out of the driving ring, like it used to do. You can apply lots of pressure, but the catch doesn\'t slip out. PINS Some of last year\'s new pins are also included in this set. 12 x Pin with Pin Hole and 21 x 3L Pin with 1L Axle. Securing Technic Beams can be quite simple with the new Pin with Pin Holes. The new 3L Pin with 1L Axle gives you more possibilities when connecting Beams and other parts. Below are two example situations where the new pins have been used. Granted, the examples below can be accomplished by using other techniques. However, some predicaments from the past can be easily solved by using these new parts. Like me, you will most likely appreciate the ease of use. ENGINE AND SUSPENSION Also included are two Steering Portal Hubs and Steering Portal Hubs with Ball Joint Arms and four Steering Portal Axles for driving and steering the vehicle. These parts are commonly used nowadays. The picture below also shows some other parts, like gear rack, steering arms and suspension. FRAMES This set comes with a single 5x7 Frame and three 5x11 Frames. PANELS This set contains a whopping 47 panels in three different colors. I personally like panels a lot and I do appreciate the variety we have at our disposal lately. This set even contains a new 13x3x2 Curved "Mudguard" Panel. NEW 13x3x2 CURVED PANEL This is the first set to contain the new 13x3x2 Curved Panel. Looking at the pictures doesn\'t do these panels justice. In real life they are actually quite big. I figured they would be smaller, but they are even longer than the 11 x 5 frame, with a length of 13 (including the attachment points). Hopefully this part will be available in other colors as well, preferably white, for adding variety to your EV3 robot. 19L WHITE FLEX-AXLES The White 19L Flex Axles have only been released in a single set, the 8461 Williams F1 Racer in 2002. Current prices on Bricklink are as high as 15 Euros! Needless to say we are very happy with the return of these White Axles. Now we can build Jeroen Ottens\' awesome Alfa Romeo 4C Spider for a decent price as well. I am really happy that useful rare parts are being used more often by TLG designers PART LIST Here\'s the complete list for all 1219 parts. As you can see in the Highlighted parts section, this set contains a lot of interesting and useful parts. If you don\'t own sets like the 8070 - Supercar, this might be the set to pick up if you want to start building your own supercar. THE BUILD Enough with all the set and part information, let\'s build the model. REAR SUSPENSION The build starts with the rear suspension and drivetrain. As you can see in the picture below, the length of the Axle between the Steering CV Joint is 4L, where it usally is 3L. This is an indication that the finished model will be a bit bigger than usual (8070 for example). The finished suspension is one of the cleanest suspension setups I have seen in an official model. It\'s pretty basic, but it works like a charm. This setup is defintely worth using in your MOC. Here\'s a video: After attaching the suspension to the frame you rotate the module and secure it. At this stage the rear section of the chassis with suspension is almost finished. V8 MID-ENGINE Extending the chassis forward results in the picture below, where the front spoiler is already visible. What\'s also visible is the V8 engine placed right in front of the rear axle, resulting in a Mid-engine setup, perfectly suited for sports and race cars. Two exhaust pipes have been fitted on either side of the engine, together with two hoses attaching them to the engine. The instructions are easy to follow, although you sometimes you need to bend the beams a bit. Minor improvements are possible here and there, but nothing shocking. FRONT SUSPENSION The front suspension is a bit more complicated than the rear suspension, which makes sense considering the fact it contains the steering rack. The shock absorbers are placed in a different angle than the rear ones, resulting in a somewhat stiffer front suspension. All in all the front suspension is well designed and the steering rack can be easily powered with a Servo Motor. The picture belows shows the front suspension attached to the chassis. If you follow the official instructions to motorize the model, the area in front of the suspension is used to mount the battery box. When you are modding this model to make it Full RC this area can be used to mount the servo motor. GEARBOX Like the gearbox in the 8070, it\'s not used to switch gears powering the drivetrain. It\'s used to switch between two functions, opening the doors and the hood/bonnet. The gearbox is located at the left of the vehicle, near the cockpit. The mechanism to open the doors is located on the left side, while opening the hood/bonnet is taking place at the right side. To accomplish this, some axles traverse under the cockpit to the other side of the vehicle. Following the axles to other side of the vehicle and adding some gears, results in the situation below. The video below shows the gearbox in action. DOOR OPENING MECHANISM The mechanism to open the door is comprised of some Knob Wheels, Links without Stoppers and Pins with Towballs. Take a look at the doors opening and closing. THE FRONT Using the new mudguards and various other panels you finish the front of the car. The front is probably the most controversial part of the car. This is caused by the preliminary pictures shown before the release of this car. In the early pictures the front of the car had smooth curves and beautiful lines, while the final car lost these smooth lines and got a more blocky look in return. I must admit that at a first glance, the new design lost some of it\'s appeal. However, this model grew on me pretty rapidly. The headlight design can be found, in more or less the same way, on several real Le Mans type race cars. THE REAR The rear of the car looks great, with the stickers continuing from the mudguards to the panels underneath the spoiler. The two exhausts sticking out give some details to the back. I absolutely disagree with all the negativity surrounding this car. Maybe it\'s one of those models which needs to grow on you. FINISHED MODEL Here it is, the finished model. I know some of you don\'t like the looks of the car, but I think it looks great. The color scheme is outstanding. The new (for Technic) bright green parts, combined with white and black make this car look very vibrant and colorful. I am not a big fan of the green used in the 42008 - Service Truck, but I do like this bright green a lot. It fits perfectly well with the Mindstorms EV3 set. The curves on the side of the car are not as smooth as some of us hoped, but I still think the car looks more than acceptable from the side. The stickers add some nice details to the car, giving it that characteristic race car look. The model looks great in pictures, but it does even look better in real life. I love this picture of the front of the car. However, I do wonder if a dedicated 24 hour Le Mans Racer has the seat and steering positioned off-center?! Using the good ol\' Google Machine I come to the conclusion that they do have centered seating and steering, at least the majority of them. There\'s ample space in the cabin, which makes me wonder why TLG decided to place the seat off-centered. The rear view looks cool too, with some of the suspension showing and the two exhaust pipes clearly visible. The bottom view is very useful to determine the size of the car in studs. It measures approx 59 x 27 studs. The chassis looks organized and well designed. The engine has been placed close to the ground, which is perfect for the weight distribution. A low center of gravity improves the handling of the car. I really enjoyed building this baby. The build is very clean and organized, although there are some steps where you need to bend the beams a bit to get things into place. Seeing the model come to life and seeing it grow to pretty impressive proportions is very satisfying. For me it was fun, but I reckon kids will go nuts over this set and the build. SIZE COMPARISON What became obvious during the build, but what\'s emphasized when you have finished the model, is that it\'s quite big! The size of the car is pretty impressive. The pictures below show the car next to the 42030 - Volvo L350F. The side view emphasizes the size of the car. It\'s even longer than the Volvo, if you dismiss the bucket. PARTS LEFT Some parts left. Nothing out of the ordinary. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS Unlike the B-model, this model doesn\'t implement any unexpected features. The functions it does implement are exactly what you would expect from any car. Steering (HoG) Working fake engine Suspension Opening doors (gullwing style) Opening bonnet/hood Opening trunk Gearbox for switching between functions Unfortunately the steering wheel hasn\'t been linked to the HoG (Hand of God) steering mechanism. Placing the seat in the center would have provided an easy way to link the steering wheel to the steering mechanism. it\'s a shame we hardly see actual steering anymore. Opening the hood actually opens up the entire rear section of the car, providing you with easy access to the motor compartment. The mechanism to open the hood works properly, which results in smooth opening and closing of it. The same goes for the gullwing style doors. Both functions are operated manually and you need to switch with the lever to the left of the cockpit. These two functions are also the ones which can be motorized by placing an M-motor near the cockpit and a battery box in the trunk. All things considered I think this car offers lots of playability. The model is solidly built and the functions are easy to operate. I\'d say it\'s pretty safe to let your kids play with it. B-MODEL Unlike the A-model, the B-model for this set received (almost) universal acclaim, and I can see why. Often the B-model is a pale shadow of it\'s part donor. In this case the model looks so good, it could be a model of it\'s own. It even incorporates a neat feature, which actually deserves to be in the A-model. There\'s a lot a variation in the quality of digital building instructions TLG is providing, but these ones are of very high quality. The picture below shows most of the chassis with suspension, fake engine and gearbox in place. FINISHED MODEL Some concessions have been made, but overall the car looks fantastic. The black of the roof has been extrapolated from the hood, which definitely works for me. The rear section of the car feels a bit empty, but the panels do cover up most of it, so it\'s hardly noticeable. The V8 stickers will be upside down if you use the parts from the A-model. Since I could apply new stickers, I have placed them using the proper orientation. The bottom of the car shows the chassis. It\'s obviously a bit smaller than the A-model\'s chassis. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS Taking the functions into account, this model isn\'t playing second fiddle to the A-model. Besides the obvious functions like steering, opening doors and hood, this car features folding fog lights, which deserve a better podium than a B-model. Steering (Hog) Working fake engine Suspension Opening doors (manually) Opening hood/bonnet (manually) Opening trunk (operated by gear) Folding fog lights (operated by gear) Gearbox (used to switch functions) FOG LIGHTS One of the most interesting features of the B-model are the folding Fog Lights. It almost feels a bit weird that a feature like this is implemented in the B-model, instead of the A-model. Below are 4 steps showing how the mechanism works. I have also included a video. The mechanism is somewhat reminiscent of fork mechanism used in the 8109 - Flatbed Truck, which has been described in Efferman\'s Review. Take a look at the video to the fog lights in action. PARTS LEFT A fair number of parts left, which isn\'t uncommon for a B-model. SUMMARY To summarize how I feel about this set, you need to take a look at the picture below. The combined image reflects the quality of this set....or better yet....sets! You actually get two great models, for the price of one. You don\'t like the A-model? No problem, you can have lots of fun with the B-model. I can\'t stop playing with the fog lights, it\'s mesmarizing. The color scheme on both models is outstanding. I simply can\'t emphasize enough how well this color scheme pleases the eye. The regular green is dull and boring, but this bright green really pops out, especially when combined with black and white, and possibly some red details. Black, white and a little red?! Sounds familiar? Yes, bright green can easily be combined with your EV3 robots. So while you are combining the bright green with your robot, why not use the great new curved "mudguard" panels. These new panels are introduced in this set and they look great. They open up a lot of possibilities in the design department. The build of the A-model is outstanding. It is fairly simple, but since it\'s so clean, I really enjoyed it a lot. I think the build should be entertaining, which doesn\'t mean it needs to be a real challenge. And let\'s be honest; when is a build really challenging?! The rear suspension is a good example of why I liked the build. It\'s very simple, yet very effective. Works like a charm. The same goes for the other functions in both models. And the star of the entire show can be found in the B-model. How\'s that for a surprise?! Being aware of the fact that I like this model a lot better than most of you seem to do, I really encourage you to give this model a chance. The sheer size is impressive, the color scheme is awesome and you get a bonus model, which is actually worth building. SCORE Okay, so how do I grade this set? 8 DESIGN Open to debate, but I like it a lot. 8 BUILDING EXPERIENCE Fun and clean build. 9 FEATURES Superb function in B-model steels the show. 9 PLAYABILITY Both models offer lots of playability 8 PARTS Lots of new parts and cool existing parts. 10 VALUE FOR MONEY Two models for the price of one. 8,7 TWICE THE FUN I hope you enjoyed this review! More pictures can be found on my Flickr page.'], [1, 'Outstanding review Jim, congrats ! Love the pictures, so clean and crisp . Hope to see many more of your reviews. As for the set, after seeing this review I kind of like it, if I will find it at a decent price, I will get it for sure.'], [1, 'Jim, great review as always. You convinced me to get this one of these days, although not a to priority. Any comments on which functions can be converted to PF and how well they work?'], [1, 'JGW3000, on 12 March 2015 - 05:46 PM, said: Jim, great review as always. You convinced me to get this one of these days, although not a to priority. Any comments on which functions can be converted to PF and how well they work? Actually yes! I am in the midst of making a PF version. I will post a picture of the setup I have so far. This setup is for driving the chassis and it works pretty fine!'], [1, "Thanks for a great review. I've got a pile of TRU and Lego credit I wanna spend and was thinking about getting this (since I got a sneak peak of your review in the Academy) but it's not here in the US yet. Too bad. Wonder when it'll hit? I do disagree about the manuals though. I find the thinner, stapled manuals easier to use than single large square-bound ones since they lay flatter when open. Have any links to the prelim photos of the front end? I don't remember seeing that and was curious how different it looked."], [0, "mostlytechnic, on 12 March 2015 - 06:25 PM, said: Thanks for a great review. I've got a pile of TRU and Lego credit I wanna spend and was thinking about getting this (since I got a sneak peak of your review in the Academy) but it's not here in the US yet. Too bad. Wonder when it'll hit? I feel a bit sorry for you guys in the US. mostlytechnic, on 12 March 2015 - 06:25 PM, said: I do disagree about the manuals though. I find the thinner, stapled manuals easier to use than single large square-bound ones since they lay flatter when open. Well, you certainly have a point. Can't argue with that. mostlytechnic, on 12 March 2015 - 06:25 PM, said: Have any links to the prelim photos of the front end? I don't remember seeing that and was curious how different it looked. i must have it somewhere."], [1, 'Great review,I am still undecided whether to get this set or not.'], [1, 'Really thorough review, Jim. I am super jealous that you have 2 of these and I have none, with no opportunity to get one any time soon.'], [1, "Great review. I see now why the B model is so popular. I wonder though, on the car, if instead of the panels for the rear spolier (or wing) if they could have used studded panels and maybe layer them to give the appearance of, ie: a three element rear wing. I won't mention the front lights. If I had the money I would buy it for the B model. H"], [1, 'Great review Jim and stunning pictures'], [1, "I think this set will be my next purchase. I love the color scheme and indeed it looks like a nice set. Also 1200 parts for EUR 100 is not a bad deal. And yes, the looks of the car have really grown on my since the first official pictures appeared. I'm curious how the bright green will work combined with other colors than white. I really hope more sets in the future will use the color (so that more different parts will be available over time). I think I'm the only person on Eurobricks who doesn't like the looks of the B model, but I appreciate the extra functionality it offers. Besides the set itself, I think this is one of the best reviews I have read in a while. Great job on the superb photographs (which I think are essential to a review) and the extensiveness of it all. You really touched every subject, which is great :D"], [0, "I think I read somewhere that the US will not get this set or the motorcycle until August 2015. That means the flagship most likely won't be in August but even later in the year... nothing Bricklink can't solve though."], [1, "Fantastic review Jim, from the quality of the review alone it is easy to see how much hard work you have put into it. I'm with you on the instruction manual, I much prefer one quality bound book over umpteen stapled booklets. Already have 2 of these sitting in the build queue, one for display model as I'm a fan of this one and one to build the B model then dissemble for parts, so I'm already sold on his set but still very much enjoyed taking the time it deserves to read through the review and ogle at your pro photography."], [1, "Great review with fantastic pictures. As for the model, I'm glad that they chose to make it less pretty - real Le Mans prototypes are rarely a sight to behold. It is function and aerodynamics over form. I would, however, have preferred more realism for the sake of learning: - The front shouldn't open like that - instead it should be easy to remove the whole front cover, leaving the suspension easy to work on. - The aero seems to be realistic, except for the rear end where there's no indication of a venturi channel. This should have been easy to include. - There is no fuel tank, nor fixed fuel connector right behind the cabin. - There are no air jacks! Seriously!? This is one of the most unique features of a race car like this... and LEGO forgot about them. Instead they automated two functions which are manual on a real race car. - The top cars at Le Mans are hybrids with ingenious systems. I would have loved to see the front wheels connected to some kind of spinning apparatus indicating a kinetic energy recovery system. If I get this set... I'm going to make some modifications."], [1, 'This is a mega review. You\'ve taken the right pictures and the video demonstrations of the mechanisms really help get the good points of the set across. What\'s more amazing is that the review still feels very concise and to the point. You\'ve actually convinced me to put this set on my list and not just as a decent parts pack. Lasse D, on 12 March 2015 - 08:47 PM, said: - The front shouldn\'t open like that - instead it should be easy to remove the whole front cover, leaving the suspension easy to work on. - The aero seems to be realistic, except for the rear end where there\'s no indication of a venturi channel. This should have been easy to include. - There is no fuel tank, nor fixed fuel connector right behind the cabin. - There are no air jacks! Seriously!? This is one of the most unique features of a race car like this... and LEGO forgot about them. Instead they automated two functions which are manual on a real race car. - The top cars at Le Mans are hybrids with ingenious systems. I would have loved to see the front wheels connected to some kind of spinning apparatus indicating a kinetic energy recovery system. I\'m not sure air jacks are the feature that will have people fawning over this set, and pneumatics are being covered rather well later in the year ... but I agree with everything else, most notably removable front and rear bodywork (the removable engine cover on 8674 would be a good starting point here) and the inclusion of some nod towards a hybrid system. It\'s also worth remembering the preliminary design did have the Big Honking Fin (BHF) that is mandatory on all current prototypes, so maybe when that was removed any trace of a tunnel or diffuser went with it. On the subject of steering wheels, all modern prototypes actually have left or right hand drive. The regulations demand that both LMP1 and LMP2 cars are nominally capable of seating two people. Of course in practise the "extra seat" is taken up by the hybrid system in LMP1 and electronics/extra cockpit access in LMP2. However this doesn\'t change the fact that it would be easy to link the steering wheel to the HoG/front axle. Edited by Jay Psi, 12 March 2015 - 09:55 PM.'], [1, 'I was very skeptical of this set because I really thought the redesign degraded the looks of the A-model a lot, but after building it I must say this is an excellent set. Good job TLG!'], [1, "I'm still not a huge fan of the model, but this is one awesome review. The effort and quality can be clearly seen and I hope you continue making reviews like this"], [1, 'Ted, have you described your photography setup somewhere? I love the crisp quality of your pictures.'], [1, 'Great review. I think it look like a great set, both A and B. However the panels are the only thing I would need, but still a great looking set.'], [1, 'Great review Jim.. I have been sitting on the fence about if I will get this set for a while but I saw one built for the first time at a local brick show on the weekend. It definitely looks better in real life than any pics. I have decided to buy one'], [1, "A very professional review and really no stone unturned. But I'm still not going to rush out and buy a copy"], [0, "Awesome review Jim! I love the pictures. I don't like how LEGO did this model though. Too many compromises Edited by Omikron, 13 March 2015 - 07:24 AM."], [1, 'A great review Jim. Just finished building this set. A couple of steps required abit of lego stressing to get together when there was an easier way. Just made it into RC ( almost finished it in LDD) which was easy to do as it has so much room for nearly any configuration of motors and not have them showing. A great set. Edited by jono.rocky, 13 March 2015 - 10:53 AM.'], [0, "Wonderful review, but I am still not sold on the set. If we get more sets with the bright green I might be tempted to get it, but until then it is too few parts in bright green (too few different types, not the number of pieces) to be able to use that colour effectively in making MOC's."], [1, "True, but I must say I like the new colour, very 'fresh' looking compared to the rather dullish regular green. Can't wait to build MOCs with it."], [1, 'I have been waiting for this set since the pictures for the toy fairs eirlier in the year and I am glad to say I am not disapointed. First the price it is not cheap at ?99.99 but I guess that is typical for a set with this amount of electronics in it.There is no parts count and I have not had time to add up the 2 pages of contents to get a figure. First the box standard flip top with large internal picture and rip to open lid. inside There are no numbered bags in this set which I prefer I like to open all the bags and put all the parts in the box before building. Next is a picture on the electronics 2 XLmotors as lego describe them and 2 standard motors. 2 IR receivers and 1 IR transmitter I know these have been discussed before but I really like the thought that has gone into the transmitters/receivers each receiver has 2 outputs to corespond with the 2 controls on transmitter they also have a choice of 4 channels so one transmitter can control up to 8 independant motors by changing the channel switch. The transmitter also has a neat motor direction switch so you can configure the transmitter operation. The set comes with three manuals 1 is the main drive mechanism 2 is the cab and engine and 3 is the attachments front and back. There is also the now standard parts list in the back of the third manual. There is no alternative model instructions despite the pictures of one on the box however there is a reference to the technic website on the back of the box but at the moment the page only has an advert saying the set is to be released on 1st September so I guess I will have to wait untill then to see if the instructions will be online. The build is fairly straight forward the main chassis is studless, the next picture shows the motors mounted into the chassis and the drive for the shovel and claw. It also shows the V6 technic engine. This next picture shows the IR receivers mounted on the back. The battery box slots into the back and can be easily slid out with the removal of two pins which is useful because I can imagine I will need to change the batteries on a regular basis. The next 2 picture are of the completed model Overall I was very happy with the finished dozer the functions work really well and as I have the monster dino I have used a second transmitter so I dont have to touch the channel switch, I have included some video On my Brickshelf page. Unfortunately this set does suffer from some quality issues for example moulding marks on the plates, colour diferences, some of the pins not finished properly, some pins were very stiff and quite hard to push into the holes but the worst issue was an axle that would not turn freely in a hole which just adds extra friction into the system. I am glad to see some studded technic in this set I much prefer sets that use both varieties of technic beam. There are only 2 Fairings which is a great improvment over recent sets if TLC had tried to make the bulldozer shovel with fairings this would have been a complete disaster. Marks for the set 8/10 for price with the number of motors I expected it to be greater. 9/10 for fun my kids love this type of set that does something when finished. 6/10 for quality TLC really need to work on this one. 8/10 overall I would definately get a second one if I see it in the sales. Feel free to post questions but I will be on holiday next week. More pics and Videos available HERE'], [1, 'Thank you vey much for this review. I do have some questions; 1. What are the white clutches geared into? 2. Is the engine geared to one or both drive motors? 3. How well does it go on carpet? 4. Can it doze without breaking the blade?'], [0, "Sinner, on Aug 3 2007, 01:20 AM, said: Thank you vey much for this review. I do have some questions; 1. What are the white clutches geared into? 2. Is the engine geared to one or both drive motors? 3. How well does it go on carpet? 4. Can it doze without breaking the blade? The clutches are for the shovel and claw on the front and back The engine is driven from only one of the drive motors. It works fine on our rugs but we have mainly wood floors. Not sure if is fairly strong I have only chased the cat at the moment :'-("], [1, 'Excellent review, thanks! What is the cost in US? Not released in my area. The shovel is obviously my favorite area, it looks detailed and strong. I love the treads, because I need them to move the 4 x 4 barrels on my super-scaled turbolaser turret. Very good pics too. What color are the treads? I never had them. They are plastic or rubber? Edited by Grand Moff Viceroy, 03 August 2007 - 12:34 AM.'], [1, "Ickelpete, on Aug 3 2007, 09:26 AM, said: The clutches are for the shovel and claw on the front and back The engine is driven from only one of the drive motors. It works fine on our rugs but we have mainly wood floors. Not sure if is fairly strong I have only chased the cat at the moment :'-( Thank you! *wub* (I expected the engine was run from only one drive motor; that would have involved some complicated mechanics to do otherwise!)"], [0, 'Grand Moff Viceroy, on Aug 3 2007, 01:32 AM, said: Excellent review, thanks! What is the cost in US? Not released in my area. The shovel is obviously my favorite area, it looks detailed and strong. I love the treads, because I need them to move the 4 x 4 barrels on my super-scaled turbolaser turret. Very good pics too. What color are the treads? I never had them. They are plastic or rubber? The treads are dark grey I not too good with naming colours. The treads are the same as in the snowmobile set released earlier in the year they are a hard plastic.'], [1, 'Ickelpete, on Aug 2 2007, 08:45 PM, said: The treads are dark grey I not too good with naming colours. The treads are the same as in the snowmobile set released earlier in the year they are a hard plastic. Thanks, you have proved yourself strong enough for the dark side.'], [0, 'Ah man...I wanted to review it with mine. Oh well. Here in the U.S. it cost $150 and has 1355 pieces total. The pins and axles did seem a bit difficult in putting them into place. A problem I have been having is the batterys are done after about 4 hours of play, which I really wish they would last longer :-( . Overall it is a stupendous set and it is really nice to see our old friend the studs make a return!'], [1, "LordGalewind, on Aug 3 2007, 03:17 AM, said: Ah man...I wanted to review it with mine. Oh well. Here in the U.S. it cost $150 and has 1355 pieces total. The pins and axles did seem a bit difficult in putting them into place. A problem I have been having is the batterys are done after about 4 hours of play, which I really wish they would last longer :-( . Overall it is a stupendous set and it is really nice to see our old friend the studs make a return! You found it in the U.S.???? Where?? I'm really liking this set! Its looking better now that i'm seeing more of it at differnt angles. I'mvery curious how wellit pulls, and and can push/doze before the clutches start slipping."], [0, 'Thanks for the review, it really looks cool. Too bad it\'s soo expensive. :-/ I must admit that I prefer the 8421 mobile crane for more or less the same price, the design is more "sexy". *wub*'], [1, "Thanks for the great review of this set. I've been looking forward to it as well and I am excited about the wireless controls like the Dino. I too am curious if this set has been released here in the US. I was told that it was a Sept 1 release. I agree about the battery life. My Dino set lasted about 4 hours too."], [1, "Thanks for the review! This looks like a great set, and with four motors, two receivers and a remote control I wouldn't say it is overpriced. It is still a lot of money though..... If my scholarship permits it I will seriously consider buying this set."], [1, "I can't wait to get my paws on this dozer! :-$ The new motors look very interesting and I It will be fun to see which possibilities they have in any future MOC:s."], [1, "Thank you very much for that neat review, Ickelpete! *y* Your pictures?re very interesting and your video?s really good. That set looks very beautiful to me, a formidable new Technic set that quickly?ll turn into an everlasting classic for sure. :'-) I?m just a little sorry for those quality problems.... Well, I hope that TLC?ll work on that matter and fix it soon. 8-|"], [1, "5150 Lego, on Aug 3 2007, 06:10 AM, said: You found it in the U.S.???? Where?? I'm really liking this set! Its looking better now that i'm seeing more of it at differnt angles. I'mvery curious how wellit pulls, and and can push/doze before the clutches start slipping. The clutches are only for the shovel and claw on the front and back the tracks are driven directly from the XL motors and first impressions are good they seem quite powerful it will climb over a small cusion quite easily."], [1, 'Nice review, Ickelpete. Thank you.'], [1, "Ickel, thanks for that awesome review. It makes me want to buy this set. I think it'd go just swell with the Mobile Crane. The fact that it has all the motors and such is awesome, I can foresee using those for a lot of other functions for MOCs. And, well I'm a fan of treads. You can never have enough treads :-D Hm, would you be able to tell us, perhaps after a test or two what kind of weight this beast can push around? Thank you!"], [1, "Hi, many thanks for this review, photos and videos. I can't wait to put the hands on mine, since it is already ordered and should arrive before the end of the month. :'-) Could you post a scan or photos, from those last pages in the Building Instructions where the parts included are listed? Thanks Edited by Conchas, 04 August 2007 - 07:19 PM."], [1, "What i really want is for philo or someone to test it's power and such. *sweet* edit The power of the motors that is. Its getting late. *sing* Edited by EyesOnly, 06 August 2007 - 09:12 PM."], [0, "could you please please post the instruction boolets' number codes (located on the back in tiny print)? so that we can download them from lego.com and have a look for ourselves. I think a personalised flag would be a good finishing touch to this set! thanks."], [1, 'Nice review! I MUST HAVE THIS SET!!!'], [0, "EyesOnly, on Aug 6 2007, 09:11 PM, said: What i really want is for philo or someone to test it's power and such. *sweet* edit The power of the motors that is. Its getting late. *sing* I just noticed that he has done that in Brick journal 8. Check out page 56-61 for great info and a comparison to the gear motors. To bad it didn't include the NXT-motors since they are very similar."], [1, "Thank you Ickelpete for that great review. I give you two *y* up. I am not a technic fan, but this set definitly looks *sweet* . I see great potential using this set as a model for a smaller dozer for my town/train layout. I really *wub* the crawler tracks they used. I have been thinking about buying the snowmobile for the tracks. But if possible, I just might buy this set instead. I could definitly use the other parts for MOC's. Model On!!"], [0, "lham, on Aug 9 2007, 12:00 PM, said: could you please please post the instruction boolets' number codes (located on the back in tiny print)? so that we can download them from lego.com and have a look for ourselves. When i read this i first though you meant set number but this model can't be found there yet and now i realize that you mean something completly different. What is this code you're after?"], [0, 'EyesOnly, on Aug 10 2007, 04:16 PM, said: When i read this i first though you meant set number but this model can\'t be found there yet and now i realize that you mean something completly different. What is this code you\'re after? There is a additional code in the booklet (different for every one) you should find it from the front or back cover. Also later editions have different codes. Some examples: Set 7905 - 4497674 (Front Cover, Bottom Left) Set 8421 - 4284910 (Book 1) and 4284922 (Book 2) (Back Cover, Bottom Right) I\'ll bet the code is then used to "abuse" the Lego cache :-) Mig'], [1, 'The new small Technic sets have incredible functionality for their size, and this one is no exception. With only 106 parts this crane can roll, extend, rotate, lift (and hold in any position) and has working stabilisers! The boom extends the same as the other sets with this boom; simply pull it. It works surprisingly well and due to circular ridges inside the boom the extension (which is just a standard beam) will hold in place. The gear at the back controls the height of the boom. As you can see the boom is only half extended. Boom fully extended, half down. The cable is kept in place via two gears and a blue pin, same as the 7905 crane. Even under decent weights this works well. The stabilisers however cannot handle much weight once the load is moved off axis. The stablilsers are a very simple but effective design. Another shot of the stablilsers. This also shows how far the boom will decend. The boom height mechanism works well also. I love the cab design. Overall this is a remarkable achievement for the low price. I bought it for the boom piece as I want to improve the crane that came with 7998 7898 ( :-$ ). I highly recommend it.'], [-1, "Very nice review Sinner! *y* *wub* So we are getting more and more reviews with figs in it, that?s great! :'-) I actually wanted to skip this technic set, but your review made me think again. I haven?t seen you posting a price, so I will do that for you :-P : It?s (just) 9,99? in Germany."], [1, "Really awesome review! I didn't think this set could be that great, but it looks very nice and seems quite cheap. *wub*"], [1, 'A very nice review of a very good little set, thanks Sinner! *y*'], [1, 'Excellent set, excellent review. A good job as always, Sinner.'], [1, 'Cute. Do mine eyes deceive me, or is it actually Minifig scale?'], [1, 'InnerRayg, on Aug 5 2007, 05:00 PM, said: Cute. Do mine eyes deceive me, or is it actually Minifig scale? Oh no! Look at the small yellow "cabin" - no minifig would ever fit in that! :-) Other scale ON!'], [-1, 'Holodoc, on Aug 5 2007, 05:10 PM, said: Oh no! Look at the small yellow "cabin" - no minifig would ever fit in that! :-) Other scale ON! My bad. I must have been drinking cough syrup. I thought this was some kind of Mini-crane they might use to lift very small bits of steel. *smack of the head against wall*'], [1, "Sinner, on Aug 5 2007, 06:52 AM, said: Overall this is a remarkable achievement for the low price. I bought it for the boom piece as I want to improve the crane that came with 7998. I highly recommend it. Great review Sinner! I'll be picking up this set for sure. Probbly a few just for the parts. But one question. What Crane are you refering to that came with 7998? That is the new heavy loader, and it didn't come with an any crane> 8-?"], [1, "5150 Lego, on Aug 9 2007, 01:59 AM, said: But one question. What Crane are you refering to that came with 7998? That is the new heavy loader, and it didn't come with an any crane> 8-? Sorry. My mistake. I meant 7898. :-$"], [1, "Alright, so I usually do quick photo reviews when I get new sets. That's what I'll do here, but there's quite a few photos, so I thought I might as well make its own review thread. So, I got the Kwik-E-Mart by paying just2much on an early eBay copy. I think it's worth it, as this week I'm gonna be super busy, so I was able to build it Saturday and stuff. Here's my video review, I think it's one of my best: Well, let's get onto this photo review. The set is $200 USD with a little over 2100 pieces. The official release is April 15th for VIP members, May 1st for everyone else at LEGO Stores. And, if you want full size pictures, check out my Flickr by clicking here. The minifigures included are great. You get three exclusive minifigures (one being a completely exclusive character- the first time LEGO has ever put an exclusive mould in a Direct to Consumer set), and you get three of the series most popular characters in their normal attire for those who missed out on the first Simpsons minifigures series. The Kwik-E-Mart's exterior is loaded with lots of sticker details. The only printed detail you'll see in the exterior is the dial pad in the phone booth, which has appeared in some other licensed themes since last year. ( ^^^ right here is there the store can be opened- a simple Technic pin and receiver keeps it in place and allows for opening and closing) The roof of the store includes the garden shown in the Paul McCartney episode. The roof can be slided out/in once you open it with the hinge part. Here's a look at the store with the roof removed. The floors are a nice sand blue color, coming with 8x16 thin plates: And, for the interior, from the view of the store opened with the hinges at the back that I mentioned earlier: The left front corner, which includes some arcade machines of Bonestorm and Great White Hunter, an amazingly done Buzz cola soda machine, juice machine, the checkout counter, ect: The right front corner, with food aisles, freezers, and a frozen Jasper sticker: The back left corner, which includes some nice coffee kettle builds, the donut tray, hotdogs, ect: The right back corner, which has a door leading to a very small hallway that only has a mouse and cheese in it. The hallway leads to the employees only door in the back, and it's very hard to get in the door way (not that there's anything to do inside there): Also included is Clancy's copcar, which fits three figures: Here's a look at the piece list in the instructions, click on each to be lead to an enlarged version of the pic: Also included are some awesome printed pieces, and two unprinted coffee cups! Honestly, I think this set is perfect. The price is fantastic, and has a great PPP ratio. They really went above and beyond by including Snake in this set. I honestly think it's better than the Simpsons House in terms of accuracy and the value here- so many cool pieces printed and in exclusive colors. So, that's my quick picture review. Hope you guys enjoyed, and I'd love to hear your thoughts!"], [1, "Thanks 'j2g' for another review, one of my favourite parts of the set......the half eaten donut on the dashboard of the police car. Brick On Review On 'j2g' !"], [1, 'Thanks for the review, your video was very well done, seeing those sticker sheets is daunting.'], [1, "Thanks for the review. I can't help but think the minifigures are the weak part of the set. Snake and Apu are great but the rest.... I don't know. They kinda redundant now. They could at least give us new torso printing, like Homer wearing his jacket or Bart wearing his blue t-shirt or Marge wearing her coat. Or, as I said in the discussion thread, I'd have included Jasper in CMF series 2 and a Frozen version here. Overall, the set looks kinda smaller than what I thought. (Snake's bag needed a $ symbol printed, because it looks like he is stealing gargabe ) Pretty good review overall"], [-1, "Thanks for all the feedback you guys! Robert8, on 12 April 2015 - 11:25 PM, said: I can't help but think the minifigures are the weak part of the set. Snake and Apu are great but the rest.... I don't know. They kinda redundant now. They could at least give us new torso printing, like Homer wearing his jacket or Bart wearing his blue t-shirt or Marge wearing her coat. Or, as I said in the discussion thread, I'd have included Jasper in CMF series 2 and a Frozen version here. Overall, the set looks kinda smaller than what I thought. I agree, but so many people were complaining about how The Simpsons House should have included the most common versions (mostly because the eyes or whatever), so I think LEGO played it safe and just included the normal versions. It makes sense, since Series 1 is gone forever, and the common versions were in there, and this set is bound to be in stock for a very long time like the Death Star. I never really agreed when people were complaining about the alternate eye prints personally, but I guess this is a good business choice based on previous feedback. Edited by just2good, 13 April 2015 - 12:06 AM."], [1, "Hello everyone. Excellent review! English is not my native language, but I want to express my opinion. Simpsons house was the first of its kind, and I can say without exaggeration that this is the most impressive set that I'm going (my collection http://brickset.com/sets/ownedby-celeb ). I look at the video from the Kwik-e-Mart, and is difficult to say how good it is compared with the house. The main disadvantages that I said to myself, is this: build the walls of the large panels, next is access to the roof (gray parts in front of the back door (I think they represent the stairs)) is not on the level with doors on the roof and when you open them, you can see the white block is openly trash, my points of view. Boxes on the left of go to the store and powersauce box, i want see make real and not just a cube, f.e. such as in the unreleased Star Wars set. About minifigures, I fully agree with Robert8. Two more of the same Homer, Marge and Bart?! Personally, I put my set as a scene and all the replays minifigure are inside the house that was not identical characters next And also absolutely terrible Bart`s accessory This set is made parking for bikes and it looks very cool. But damn, it is hoped to see the Bart or Lisa's bike, instead of useless balloons with paint. The walls are made with convex inside panels, why so? can anyone know? have not seen any pictures with such walls in TV show. Why did not they turn? I personally really like how realized roof, but my brother says that it is terrible :) garden could do more in the series there were almost jungle I do not know how to be considered here, maybe anyone can express any opinion or idea? I look at the Simpsons house, and then look at the photo of this e-Mart. I can not understand, in the house we have a garage, two floors, cool floor, a lot of furniture, all the rooms and walls, collected from cubes, many additional accessories. And where is all this detail here? It looks much smaller (maybe even poorer). If they still will release next year comic book store, it will be even less? Of course it is difficult to estimate without seeing it live, we have it will be sold only in May. At first sight it does not look so impressive as the house. Can certainly the case in the limit on the amount of detail, but why it was impossible to add $ 50 to the cost and make Jasper, the more detailed the roof, the walls of the smaller elements, that it was not convex. Sad. Thanks all for attention. Edited by celeb, 13 April 2015 - 05:10 AM."], [1, 'Can you post a pic of it next to the simpsons house? just curious about size comparisons...'], [1, 'Great review!! Thanks for paying a little extra to get it now and review it for us!!! You must be a youngin\'...those phone booths thingys are called "pay phones" :) J/J They\'re tough to find nowadays.'], [1, "Incredible set, thanks for the pics! So many details and unique prints and colors. I'm not that into the Simpsons but definitely a top tier set."], [1, 'Thank you all for the great feedback! ARSLOCK, on 13 April 2015 - 02:19 PM, said: Can you post a pic of it next to the simpsons house? just curious about size comparisons... Soon, but my area with The Simpsons House is very messy, so I will have to make room for it first. Gooker1, on 13 April 2015 - 04:10 PM, said: Great review!! Thanks for paying a little extra to get it now and review it for us!!! You must be a youngin\'...those phone booths thingys are called "pay phones" :) J/J They\'re tough to find nowadays. LOL!'], [-1, "I have sooo mixed feeling about that... I loved the Simpsons House (save for the terrible wall in the Homer and Marge's room), but this so far is inferior in almost every aspect. The walls made of panels is a bummer. I expect a D2C set to be better that this. 60+ stickers? The same thing. Same price for less bricks and smaller build then the house. Strange coloured bricks on the outside wall (some ugly mix of yellow + tan) Panels again with their fronts facing towards the inside of the shop so we and up with those squares all around. The walls are yellow, this was so nice, lost opportunity to make it in some other less common colour. Then again the set overall looks is good. The roof is a nice detail. The shop looks actually like a real one, not just an approximation of one. The roof tiles are in Dark Orange - we got new/rare colour here The car looks interesting to build (just like the pink one from the house) Lots of nice references to the show It's The Simpsons! Definitely a must buy... but for a discounted price. I'll try to find one with maybe damaged box or after-display copy. Edited by Mestari, 14 April 2015 - 01:15 PM."], [1, 'looks great. how does it compare to the house'], [1, "Mestari, on 14 April 2015 - 01:15 PM, said: I have sooo mixed feeling about that... I loved the Simpsons House (save for the terrible wall in the Homer and Marge's room), but this so far is inferior in almost every aspect. The walls made of panels is a bummer. I expect a D2C set to be better that this. 60+ stickers? The same thing. Same price for less bricks and smaller build then the house. Strange coloured bricks on the outside wall (some ugly mix of yellow + tan) Agreed! Glad my GF likes to do stickers! 60 yikes! But looking at it now I think the tan/yellow is supposed to represent where the paint is fading on the back of the store? I guess?"], [1, "Here's a size comp to the house: Click for a bigger image."], [-1, "That's actually not bad sizing, IMO. Sure, it looks like you get a lot more with the house, but the Kwik-E-Mart has a lot more of those little references that make it Simpsons. I agree with some of the complaining; a real Jasper behind a trans-blue panel would have been cool. You could always bulk up the roof with more foliage... I think it has a great foundation as a set, but could do with a few mods to make it better. Thanks for the pictures; I greatly appreciate being able to see reviews like this before dropping $200 on a LEGO set."], [1, 'Great Review Just2Good, honestly I love this set lots of great details and references.'], [-1, 'One thing that may justify the price: it has 527 different parts (if I counted correctly). I alway heard the more different parts the more difficult the set is to produce. The Simpsons House already had an astonishig amount of different pieces, but this one is even more extreme...'], [-1, "just2good, on 12 April 2015 - 10:29 PM, said: ... one being a completely exclusive character- the first time LEGO has ever put an exclusive mould in a Direct to Consumer set ... I'm still hoping that Snake will be coming in the next (wave 3) CMF set."], [-1, "It's the level of detail that floors me, a licensed set with the mindset of those great Creator sets. I think it displays much better than the Simpsons house which, from the outside, is a bit drab"], [-1, 'Nice review! But I have one question: Is the transparent dome of the Squishee Drink removable?'], [1, 'Skalldyr, on 15 April 2015 - 10:53 PM, said: Nice review! But I have one question: Is the transparent dome of the Squishee Drink removable? Nopers.'], [1, 'I like this set a lot better than the Simpsons house, but 60+ stickers is just incredibly disappointing. It seems quite a few of them could have been printed parts'], [1, 'Great review.'], [1, "Nice review, I'm building it (need to finish it, but I'm at work right now) With the printed piece, you forgot to show the chocolat milk 1x1 brick, which is exclusive to this set yet (it isn't referenced on bricklink yet, only the blue one) The set is really fun to build, with a lot of little pieces for the fridges. I haven't put the stickers yet, will see the final product to put the essentials ones"], [1, 'Did anyone else have a problem with the piano against the wall of The Simpsons House? It just kept coming off way too easily and I was getting really frustrated with it sticking out and not fully going on so I had to put the two tiles that hold them one place over away from the wall for it to sit properly without falling out, I think I might put Snowball II behind it since cats love to hide underneath or behind things lol but just curious to know if anyone else was encountering this problem with the previous set.'], [-1, 'I recently acquired 90% of this set, so I thought I would do a review of it. Please note that half of the Mini-figs are wrong, and there are some part substitutions. This is the only set that comes with this plate. There is a depression under the grey plates to the back. The pool depression can be easily covered by three quarter circle plates... which just happen to be included in this set. (Good set design Lego!) The stairs are old Fabuland ones, and have been used in a few other sets. This is the only one that has them in "ParaPink" however. What is the difference between "ParaPink" and "Pink"? Dunno... The big windows are in only two other sets, both of them DACTA ones! The smaller ones were in one other Paradisa set. The interior, while simple, works very well. I love the coffee machine. A cute car came with the set as well. The bird house is a nice idea as well. Once the current visitors leave I will probably be breaking this set. I wish Lego would go back to these sets as they always had some great parts in them.'], [1, 'Great review of a classic set. *y*'], [1, 'Nice review of a surprisingly interesting set. *y* Those windows are great, and no doubt difficult to get. Classic coffee maker, simple yet exactly right. That baseplate was in a few other sets, but never with that pattern. Would have made a great base for some of the classic 80s houses LEGO used to treat us to. In tan was part of the Adventurers Egypt sets. As recently as 2001 it was a base for Ogel. Versatile plate that hopefully hasn\'t disappeared completely. ParaPink is apparently "Light Pink" on Brickshelf, so I guess it\'s just lighter than normal pink (and stopped appearing in 1995. Just so you know, that monkey is drinking too much and likely to fall in the pool ... ;-)'], [1, "imperialshadows, on Aug 13 2007, 07:29 PM, said: Nice review of a surprisingly interesting set. *y* Thanks! imperialshadows, on Aug 13 2007, 07:29 PM, said: That baseplate was in a few other sets, but never with that pattern. Would have made a great base for some of the classic 80s houses LEGO used to treat us to. In tan was part of the Adventurers Egypt sets. As recently as 2001 it was a base for Ogel. Versatile plate that hopefully hasn't disappeared completely. Indeed. I wouldn't mind one of all! Many of the raised plates are too raised (I think the new one in the Police station and the Hospital is) but I think this one is perfect. imperialshadows, on Aug 13 2007, 07:29 PM, said: Just so you know, that monkey is drinking too much and likely to fall in the pool ... ;-) I believe he is hoping to take the barman with him. X-D (He is one of Hinckleys characters on holiday...)"], [1, 'Tks Sinner for that cool review ;-) This set is not one of my favs (never was really a big fan of those raised baseplates) but had fantastic parts and MFs !! It has great playability with really cool "80\'s Miami" feel *wub* That pink was actually pretty cool and went well with that lime green (I think its lime but I\'m not 100% positive). Once again this pisses me off so much that I was in my dark ages when this theme was out !! I loved it, especially all the beach/water themes *wub* I really wish TLC decided to bring that water Paradisia back !! Who knows !! After all they need to make some girlie sets !! Girls are a part of their market totally neglected !! How many women we have on the boards ?? Really a tiny few unfortunatly !! SO TLC, please bring Paradisia back in may 08 :-P , please !! *yoda*'], [1, "xwingyoda, on Aug 13 2007, 08:11 PM, said: Tks Sinner for that cool review ;-) My pleasure. xwingyoda, on Aug 13 2007, 08:11 PM, said: This set is not one of my favs (never was really a big fan of those raised baseplates) but had fantastic parts and MFs !! This is only my second raised plate so I still like them! :-P This set has been on my want list for a long time because of the windows. xwingyoda, on Aug 13 2007, 08:11 PM, said: Once again this pisses me off so much that I was in my dark ages when this theme was out !! I loved it, especially all the beach/water themes *wub* Me too. (We are almost the same age so it make sense!) xwingyoda, on Aug 13 2007, 08:11 PM, said: I really wish TLC decided to bring that water Paradisia back !! I wouldn't be surprised if they do. I think there is a greater chance of a return to Paradisia like sets than Fabuland. I also think TLC is missing the mark with Belville."], [1, 'I got that set recently as well. Bought a bulk lot and there was all but 1 minifig in there. Gave it to my girlfriend for her town. Need to find her a Ristorante now.'], [1, 'Nice review Sinner! *y* My favorite part of this set is the parrot in the front window! *wub*'], [1, 'Awesome set! I really like the robots, and that tiny tank could be quite useful! All the fancy machinery in there really make it more like a lab than a restaurant! :-D The thing I found most funny was the positioning of the middle finger on the hand. :-D :-D Definitely gave me quite a laugh. X-D'], [-1, 'phoinix, on Aug 15 2007, 12:58 AM, said: ok its time for me to make a conffesion.. i have never wathced this show in my life!!! and im not a bit curious on what the fuss is about.. your review is super as always yoda but i really cant say anything about the set cause i dont know what it is about! The same counts for me. I have never seen a single show. So I only can argue about the bricks as are. I don?t like all the SB sets because of the inflationary use of stickers. >:-( More to that see below. There are some bricks that are really cool like the bun disk, but I won?t buy this set just for single bricks. I do like the color selection because of the comic strip relation though. copmike, on Aug 15 2007, 10:42 AM, said: On the stickers issue I so agree with you *yoda* - and I think it?s time to start a revolution >:-)! We need to adress this thing bigtime thru the Ambassadors to LEGO! And go 451 on thoso stickers!!!! Yeah - revolution ON! If someone cares for the tar I?ll bring in the feathers! :-D But - what is 451 about? 8-| *y* Thank you *yoda* for your nice review. *y* It will not change my attitude towards SB though. :-P'], [0, 'Holodoc, on Aug 16 2007, 09:46 AM, said: But - what is 451 about? 8-| *y* Thank you *yoda* for your nice review. *y* It will not change my attitude towards SB though. :-P Fahrenheit 451 *sweet*! 233 ?C On copmike'], [0, 'xwingyoda, on Aug 15 2007, 01:30 PM, said: Its not a house, its a "big" appartment for my age in Paris but always way too small to have my models on display *sing* We all have issue about space required and actual space |-/ finally this guys tallks about space *sweet* such a shame it\'s in a completely different meaning of the word though... :\'-) Quote QUOTE(copmike @ Aug 15 2007, 10:42 AM) Again a nice review (not like that crappy 918 "review" someone did somewhere )! Loooool, don\'t say that too loud though That\'s ok, master yoda, i\'ve decided to totally ignore the posts from this member in the future... X-D as for the review, if it actually is a review and not a homage, cos you really have to be clear about that on these boards :-| , ... well... what can I say? It\'s not a space set, is it... X-D it looks fine though... nothing too special...'], [1, 'copmike, on Aug 16 2007, 09:21 AM, said: Fahrenheit 451 *sweet*! And I thought it would mean: 4 responsible members of TLC belong to area 51 :-| :-$ But the stickers are made of plastic, not paper... What is the temperature when plastic catches fire? ;-)'], [0, 'Holodoc, on Aug 16 2007, 01:59 PM, said: And I thought it would mean: 4 responsible members of TLC belong to area 51 :-| :-$ And I thought he wanted to spray them with perfume X-D On !! *yoda*'], [1, 'Due to a larger BL order in the U.S. I couldn?t resist to add two Hopper Waggons to my train layout. Here?s a review of this fantastic set. The box. Well, there?s nothing really special about it. The open box with three polybags. Note, that there are only three different colors used in that set (actually there are 4, but you can?t see the dark grey ones). Great color composition by the way. *wub* And - NO STICKERS !!! - :-D Oooops - I opened the bags too fast. Help me, I?m drowning! *sing* Not following the instructions, I built the wheels first to get the larger pieces out of the way. Keep on rolling. This is the load of the hopper waggon. 11 round bricks altogether. When I opened the set, I was curious if it was a new colored set or an old one. Luckily enough it was an old one, with old dark grey. I don?t know if TLC ever produced this set with bley. From the following pic you can clearly see, that the set is an old one. Look at these slope bricks. See what I mean? All bricks are looking exactly the same! Buy a set today means get at least three different textures on the slopes and maybe even more shades of tan. :-X >:-( I have said that in many other threads here and I?m saying it again: Back to the roots, Lego! You were able to produce good quality. Show us you can still do it! *sad* But now to the building. It?s a 6 x 24 train base plate you?re building on. Did I say I liked the colors? :-D This is the mechanism to unload the waggon. Built in the waggon with open gates... ... and with closed ones. Almost done. This is the first time, I realized that minifigs actually can step on those ladders. :-$ A short lift and the wheels are fixed. This darn mechanism! Wait, I?m coming with my monkey wrench! >:-) Who opened that door again? Do I have to do it all on my own? :\'-( Finally the work is done. Now have a brake. One shot from the front/back. You can see the car is really huge! 8-? I put it behind the red car of the 4512. That sure looked very strange. *wacko* The set fits a lot better to the other cars of the "My Own Train" theme than to the older ones. The Score: Brick selection: 10/10 excellent color and brick selection (these were the days...) Playability: 9/10 great unloading mechanism Price/piece count ratio: 8/10 at peeron it says 20$, I got it for 39,95$ -> 30?/228 bricks. Not really cheap, but worth every cent! :-) Overall rating: 9/10 and a definity "must buy" for rolling stock lovers. Sad enough it?s not available on S@H any more. But there are still sets on BL and ebay. That?s for now folks, thank you for reading. I have some job to do...'], [1, 'Great review of a great set! *wub* I look forward to more!'], [0, 'Great review. Very funny with "little you" helping with the building. I got the wagon myself, i really like it. What more did you get? Morten'], [1, 'morten_sonne, on Aug 15 2007, 01:53 PM, said: Great review. Very funny with "little you" helping with the building. I got the wagon myself, i really like it. What more did you get? Morten Loved the review Does anyone know if "My Own Train" sets still available in shops in the UK or just from ebay, BL, etc?'], [1, 'Wow, you?re pretty strong, especially for a hologram. :-D Thanks for that neat and funny review of a very fine set, Doc! *y*'], [0, "Asuka, on Aug 15 2007, 03:56 PM, said: Wow, you?re pretty strong, especially for a hologram. :-D Thanks for that neat and funny review of a very fine set, Doc! *y* Lovelly review, great minifig aswell. I don't think LEGO ever produced these with bley."], [1, "Nice review about a nice set (I like this wagon, but don't buy it, because of the size, compared to my other wagons...). Poor minifig who had to build an entire set! :-D"], [-1, "Holodoc, on Aug 15 2007, 01:49 PM, said: Oooops - I opened the bags too fast. Help me, I?m drowning! *sing* Captain Janeway: Mr Tuvok, Tractorbeam on the doctor. very nice review for a set I'm not really interrested in. :-) Edited by Wout, 16 August 2007 - 02:46 PM."], [1, "*wub* *wub* *wub* *wub* *wub* Holodoc, I seriously have some love for your review!! You're in it and using a Fabuland wrench!!! Such a clever review with a great sense of humor! I really liked this train set and it adds so much to a train layout, especially when you buy multiples. TLC is throwing away a potential gold mine by discontinuing this line. :'-( It is also nice to see those beautiful consistent slopes in that picture. It really is sad that TLC is letting quality slip. They don't seem to be responding to the issue they way they did the bley/frown fiasco. perhaps we AFOL need to make more of a stink! To the embassy!!! >:-( Again great job Holodoc and thanks for sharing *sweet* *y* What an excellent and fun review!!"], [0, "Thank you guys for your nice reply. :'-) I have to add two pics of my freight train showing a bit more clearly what the size matter is about: This is what it looks like when you put the Hopper Waggon right behind the red car of 4512. It looks a lot better without the red car! I had a lot of fun with this review and I will add another one (look at the 2nd pic ;-) ) the next days. Stay tuned!"], [0, 'Holodoc, on Aug 17 2007, 05:27 PM, said: I have to add two pics of my freight train showing a bit more clearly what the size matter is about: This is what it looks like when you put the Hopper Waggon right behind the red car of 4512. I see your point. It looks slightly out of place.. :-P'], [1, 'Great review. I hope you mini-self is OK after all of that LEGO burying him :-D This is one of the great sets that LEGO has produced, since forever. I think more sets like this should be manufactured *wub* - Poomie'], [1, 'Excellent review Doc - I?m glad you can get out of the holodec *y*! I could see this done with other colors than blue also *sweet*!! 9V On copmike'], [0, 'copmike, on Aug 17 2007, 08:20 PM, said: I could see this done with other colors than blue also *sweet*!! Different colors? No problem: Viola! (Sorry - no orange :-P )'], [0, 'Holodoc, on Aug 20 2007, 08:39 AM, said: Different colors? No problem: Smarty pants! X-D'], [0, 'Photoshop?s your friend... *skull*'], [1, "Great review! I loved the pic of your sigfig buried under legos :-D It's too bad Lego did not continue to make more of this style of set."], [1, 'Great review, *y* I have just bought my first 9V motor and you have convinced me, I will buy a least two of this set. :-)'], [1, "Yes my SpongeBob fans, its time for another review !! Lets look at our Bikini Bottom map and head strait to meet Miss Puff at her Boating school. She is waiting for us to give us a guided tour of her establishment ;-) Another bit of SB history: this set comes from the following episode: Boating School: SpongeBob fails his boating test for the 38th time (what a freaking retard lool). He's so determined to get his license that Patrick decides to help him. He implants a walkie-talkie inside SB?s head in order to cheat and tell him what to do. You will say that I am biais but I really enjoy building this set and I really like the SB theme !! Lets hope 2008 brings more of that cool spongieness !! But I digress... Here are general pics of the instruction booklet and the DSS (G there are loads of crappy stickers in that one also !!). As you can see the set is divided in 3 polybags. Shamelessly (but nonetheless wilfully hehe), I will disregard the third one which is that playability crap course !! I would have reviewed it but since it involves stickers, I didn?t want to ruin the parts and without stickers it would look dull, plain and ugly (it does look crappy with so imagine without), so that review will not be 100% complete and I do apologise in advance. But how many of you would have build that and keep it hehe Off :-P 1/ Mfs and extras I will start with the really cool Miss Puff *wub* (the fig mind you !!). She looks a bit stressed !! No wonder, that sponge menace will bring her to the hospital once again hehe. As you can see, that MF comprises 3 parts: the small blue 1x1 round and the 2 major parts. Yeay another great stupid looking SB. I love those idiotic faces !! 3 different SB figs and 3 idiotic faces hehe. You never can get enough of them !! Here is just a regular Patrick. Too bad Patrick doesn?t have different expressions ! The pull back boat car: nothing really to report (except the fact that I left it sticker free !!) The only thing I built from the third polybag is that pretty cool ancker holding tower thingie !! Looks great in a lighthouse set hehe. Yes the roud tile bouey is printed !! Its the same as in SB's bed in the Bikini Bottom set ;-) OK, its time for those two great buildings: the lighthouse and the school + pontoon !! Before reviewing them individually, here is a general pic. 2/ The lighthouse One of the main reason to own that great set !! Sure it suffers from accute stickeretite (sad but :-D ). T worst is that door), but nonetheless a great and simple building !! Great white/red colour scheme, and a really fantastic 2 turning lights !! I really like the yellow top of the lighthouse, it adds to the comic atmosphere of that theme instead of having a more plain red/white only. The rear has nothing really fancy, except tools to fix it in case of problems hehe. The only thing I modified since I didn?t build the third polybag is that I got rid of the trechnic parts on the right of the lighthoue to replace them with regular ?logs? All hail the tower King !! :-D 3/ The school and pontoon I really like that little building and its great to see that once again TLC uses the amazing dark blue color !! Its really a simple design but looks fantastic and can be used for many things in a town hehe I also really like the combination with those dark bluish grey slopes !! The rear reveals the desk, stickers on the wall (d?oh !!) and two clams serving as chairs (really like on the show). Its really great to see that TLC stays really as close to the show as possible. The pontoon again is simple yet really cool and effective. And its really nice to have 2 lifesaving boueys. The only thing I modified since I didn?t build the third polybag is that I got rid of the trechnic parts in front of the pontoon to replace them with regular ?logs? On the overall, I think its really a great set !! Apart from the crap stickers, I think TLC should have ditched (or simplified) the third playability polybag to lower the cost !! Oh well, parts are always usefull (except those one part shitty palm trees !!). So until my next review, I bid you farewell my Spongebob fans !! And I really hope to see next year hehe Will SB get his driver?s license one day ? For the sake of Bikini Bottom, lets hope not !! No license ever On !! *yoda*"], [1, 'That?s really a great and overall nice playset with a very cool Mrs. Puff and a fine new Spongebob! *sweet* The boating school?s indeed very nice with a beautiful color scheme, and so is the lighthouse.... I?m really tempted to buy a second set just to "complete" these buildings.... although it?s a little too expensive for doing so, and it wouldn?t even fit with the style of the other SB sets. X-D Wet highway to the poor puffer fish? privat hell on! :-D'], [1, "You've done it again. *yoda* ! Great reveiw. I really like this set, but in my opinon, $50 is steep considering I won't actually 'play' with it. I mean, half of it is a track for peat sake! Ill eventually get it for the Mrs. Puff figure, though. *y*"], [1, "*yoda* comes through again! I love this set... but it just costs too much for Australians so I will be giving it a miss. :'-( It is a shame as it has clams in it... 8-|"], [1, "I like this one better than the other one for parts and such, plus I'm generally a sucker for any different minifig, but yeah, that price is steep. Great review though!"], [1, 'One more SB face - YEAH *wub*! Being a lighthouse freak I really like it, the trans clear blue ones rocks *y*! I?m getting it - period! SB On copmike'], [1, "Another great review, thanks *yoda*! Man, those smooth slopes really look like crap when on a roof :-| That was the whole reason they had texture in the first place... |-/ I'll never liked those, they feel so cheap! The new SB head is great, and can Mrs. Puff's legs move? I just ask since her feet are separate, and in figs where the legs can't move, they're usually one piece at the bottom to keep them from breaking off. The set looks great, and seems to have a lot of playability"], [1, "Nice review !! I'm not a big fan of those Spongebob figs. However this set has some very useful pieces. This is actually the first time I took a decent look at a Spongebob set."], [0, "Yoda, I don't thank you for this review, and after the Chump Bucket review too! Because I'm so exited to have them that since I ordered them from s@h, I come back home aftre the work the faster I can, with the hope to see a big box on my bed... and this, even if I know that it tooks more than 6-7 days to have my order... This Mrs. Puff figs is really really nice *wub* And this 3rd SB head too!"], [1, "Man, that Sponge-bob head cracks me up! Hilarity.This is a cool set, although I much prefer the Chum Bucket set. I don't see what's wrong with the course, then again I can see why AFOLs wouldn't like it. It's just playability really. I like the breakable wall though. The building is cool, a few modifications (i.e. making it more realistic, real chairs for a start) and it would make a cool little wharf for your Lego town. And to SW4J, Mrs Puff's legs are connected at the feet, if you look closely. So, thanks for the great review, *yoda*!"], [1, 'Thank you *yoda* for strike 2! It?s SB again. |-/ Sticker Alarm! :-X But this set is better than Chum Bucket. There are far more interesting parts if you don?t like SB. Especially the light house and the little hut with the wooden pontoon. *y* And yet again another set with smooth slopes and rough ones... Too bad, too bad. >:-( >:-( >:-( If I just knew the person who is responsible for that... >:-)'], [1, "Nice review mate, the set look's great and a real must for all those SB fan's out there. The whole set scream playability that's for sure, which is great because let's be honest their's gonna be alot of kid's and *yoda* out their playing with it :-P X-D ;-) . Geezzzzz what is it with all those bloody stikers? This set would be soooooo much better with printed piece's instead of those, still once your over that at least the rest is ok. Am i the only one who thinks Mrs Puff kinda look's like a kinder egg toy? Their's nothing wrong with that mind you (yes i have a kinder problem X-D ) just seem's strange to me."], [1, "Maybe mrs Puff has a nice toy inside X-D I like this review. The lighthouse part and the school are nice enough for other towns. and the figs are nice, even mrs puffs 2 pieces you can't use for other things. :-) Pity that it's 50 dollars/+/- 60 euro. for half price I would think about it."], [0, "Holodoc, on Aug 16 2007, 09:26 AM, said: There are far more interesting parts if you don?t like SB. What?! You can't dislike SB! No one can't! (contrary to Star Trek :-D ) Vader, on Aug 16 2007, 11:48 AM, said: Am i the only one who thinks Mrs Puff kinda look's like a kinder egg toy? Their's nothing wrong with that mind you (yes i have a kinder problem X-D ) just seem's strange to me. Maybe yes, but in the show too! So really no matter!"], [0, "alex54, on Aug 16 2007, 04:41 PM, said: What?! You can't dislike SB! No one can't! (contrary to Star Trek :-D ) phaser banks 1+2 ready to fire... >:-)"], [0, "Holodoc, on Aug 16 2007, 04:48 PM, said: phaser banks 1+2 ready to fire... >:-) Quick !! lets beam Miss Puff out of reach asap !! and prepare to retaliate with Clamu's pearl canon !! Bring it on Trekie >:-) :-P *yoda*"], [0, "Holodoc and Yoda, don't be so hard with, or I will call my stronger friend, you know this aqua-squirrel aka Sandy! Star Treck off Sponge on :-D"], [0, "alex54, on Aug 16 2007, 10:08 PM, said: Holodoc and Yoda, don't be so hard with, or I will call my stronger friend, you know this aqua-squirrel aka Sandy! Star Treck off Sponge on :-D Hey Patrick, I'm on your side :-D !! And Sandy can have fun with our doc, Texas style >:-) *yoda*"], [1, 'I might get this and convert it to a lighthouse and warehouse for a city Dock...looks nice. WALL on!'], [1, 'Very nice review *yoda* !! Though, I think you should review the "course" because it looks very interesting.'], [1, "xwingyoda, on Aug 16 2007, 10:11 PM, said: Hey Patrick, I'm on your side :-D !! *yoda* Oops, I read too quickly, so misuderstood! :-$"], [0, 'It looks like a good set but I would rather get the neighborhood one.'], [1, "The set, and the other Designer sets that came out with it (especially 4888) are incredibly well designed sets. I wish Lego would go back to doing sets like these as I loved the multitude of instructions and ideas. The last batch of Creator sets had zero ideas, even though I know several were made. :'-( Anyway, less whining, more review. The lion is the main model. His mouth doesn't fully close, but it does open more. The head works well from most angles. I love the dark orange bricks; great for rust... He is quite solid, but the joints take the weight well. The neck goes side to side and rotates, but doesn't go up and down. The body is built in two parts and pinned in the middle. With what is left you can make what I think is a hyena, a silly plant MOC... ...and what I believe is a vulture. There are also instructions for a few other models including a bat, boar and a snake... which I quite like. He can be built at the same time as... ...this cute little lizard. Overall this is a great set with an excellent blend of colours and pieces. I wanted it for steampunk potentials. *sweet* I hope you liked the review. Till next time...."], [1, "The lizard looks the best to me - put him in a town and you've got a monster terrorising the residents. Dr. S."], [1, 'Great review as always! *y* LEGO is timeless, so there is no such thing as an old set. I never build brick monsters/creatures, but this set had such a nice assortment of parts that I had to pick a couple up as they weren\'t clearancing out on Shop @ Home. I absolutely love dark orange and tan, so it was an automatic win. I love the use of "familiar characters" in the review, I can almost hear Hinckley screaming, "my megabloks!" :-P You sort of look like you\'re planning some vulture stew though. Might have to start a new challenge to determine a winner there. Sinner and his Big Pot o\' Doom VS Giant Vulture! Only thing is, does everything horrify the Mrs? She seems perpetually shocked and/or dismayed at the goings on here. Now that I think about it, I can see why. I\'m occasionally shocked and/or dismayed 8-? Brick Built Beasties On! *y*'], [1, "A very fine review of a very fine set, thanks Sinner. *y* The variety of cool colors in that set?s just formidable. One more beautiful Creator set indeed! Roaarrrr on! :'-)"], [0, 'Thank you for the nice review, Sinner! I also bought this set but in combination with 4883 when it was on sale (50% - hurray!) at S@H. I made a short review of 4883 but wasn?t really sure what to tell about 4884. So I?m glad you did that for me. :-D I have different feelings about this set. On the one hand I love the lion. He is really impressive (even my wife -not known for being Lego enthusiastic- asked me, if there were more animals of this kind). The lion is - restricted - poseable and the colors used are fantastic. *wub* 3 models can be built simultaneously - that?s great! On the other hand I still don?t know what to do with these rotation joints. *wacko* And the other models are somehow disappointing compared to the lion. I seem to have missed the little lizard. :-$ I put it on my "to do-list". Like all the Creator sets: Great parts pack - but wait until they get on sale! X-D For me - I had a lot more fun with 4883. Indeed: Roarrrr ON! ;-)'], [1, "imperialshadows, on Aug 16 2007, 08:43 PM, said: Only thing is, does everything horrify the Mrs? She seems perpetually shocked and/or dismayed at the goings on here. Now that I think about it, I can see why. I'm occasionally shocked and/or dismayed 8-? I just love playing with the new princess! You will be seeing her shocked and dismayed for a while to come... Holodoc, on Aug 16 2007, 10:43 PM, said: I also bought this set but in combination with 4883 when it was on sale (50% - hurray!) at S@H. Don't remind me; :'-( I bought that set on S@H when it was on sale.... but my bank delayed the transaction so it sold out! A broken man, I seached stores over and over again for a good deal on that set, and I found it last week for $25 AUD ($60 List). Ahhh...... *sweet* Holodoc, on Aug 16 2007, 10:43 PM, said: I have different feelings about this set. On the one hand I love the lion. He is really impressive (even my wife -not known for being Lego enthusiastic- asked me, if there were more animals of this kind). The lion is - restricted - poseable and the colors used are fantastic. *wub* 3 models can be built simultaneously - that?s great! On the other hand I still don?t know what to do with these rotation joints. *wacko* And the other models are somehow disappointing compared to the lion. Well, I will have to get back to you on what I do with it. :-P I do agree though that most of the other models are not worth making. I made the snake because in the instructions he is shown terrorising the lizard... >:-)"], [1, "Sinner, on Aug 16 2007, 04:01 PM, said: I just love playing with the new princess! You will be seeing her shocked and dismayed for a while to come... Shocked and dismayed? When you give her flowers last week she was also shocked and dismayed. I think she's just allergic for both flowers and animals. I hope she's not allergic for skeletons too. :-P :-D By the way: Great review, You made a nice warm, soft place to sleep for Hinckley. X-D"], [1, 'Great review Sinner I regret not buying this set when I saw it cheap in a local sale :-('], [1, "Wout, on Aug 16 2007, 11:13 PM, said: By the way: Great review, You made a nice warm, soft place to sleep for Hinckley. X-D Nothing but the best for Hinckley. :-P Ickelpete, on Aug 17 2007, 04:36 AM, said: Great review Sinner I regret not buying this set when I saw it cheap in a local sale :-( Don't worry, it could be worse. I regret not buying Cloud City and the Technic Backhoe for half price a few years back. :'-( *wacko*"], [1, "Sigh, I really REALLY wanted to buy this when it was on sale on S@H and I never did and now it's no longer available :'-( It's a great set with a nice amount of bley, but a crapload of tan. It's like the perfect way to increase your tan supplies... Nice review you lucky aussie"], [0, "Sinner, on Aug 16 2007, 05:46 PM, said: Nothing but the best for Hinckley. :-P :'-) Thanks buddy. You're such a good friend. Another excellent review!"], [0, 'Sinner, on Aug 15 2007, 11:29 PM, said: ...and what I believe is a vulture. So, uh, are you willing to sell that vulture? *sweet* I was going to buy the set so I could MOC an eagle out of that vulture, but I never bought it. Pleeaase? X-D'], [0, "Mr. Mandalorian, on Sep 1 2007, 12:27 PM, said: So, uh, are you willing to sell that vulture? *sweet* I was going to buy the set so I could MOC an eagle out of that vulture, but I never bought it. Pleeaase? X-D Sorry, but I actually wanted almost every part in this set. It's one of those sets I could buy 100 of and still want all of the pieces. *wub* In particular, the vulture has several hinges, black wings, and the dark red pieces that I want loads of. Sorry. :-$"], [0, "I was really kidding, of course you want to keep it. Who wouldn't? ;-) I was going to buy it off of BL anyway. X-D Now, if lego made a theme about Creator animals, that would be great. *sweet*"], [1, "LEGO 75915 Pteranodon Capture I'm glad to review this nice set; 75915 Pteranodon Capture Name: Pteranodon Capture Set Number: 75915 Pieces: 174 Price: $19.99 Minifigs: 2 Theme: Jurassic World Year of Release: 2015 Links: Box The front of the box has the Jurassic World logo along with the set number, piece count, etc. Its a decent box size for a $20 set. Here it is compared to a minifigure. Here's the back of the box. It shows all of the features from the set an ad for the video game. The back also shows a small picture with a silhouette of the dinosaurs from the line, along with their set numbers. Instruction Booklet The booklet shows the same thing as the front of the box, nothing more, nothing less. Near the back of the booklet, there is a picture with all of the characters from the sets. The other page shows all the dinosaurs with a mini box that shows the size comparisons. The Minifigures The minifigures in this set are Simon Masrani and an ACU. Both of them have excellent printing on the front and the back. The gun is the same one from TLM that the SSP used. Simon Masrani is the only one with a double sided face. His second face shows a scared/worried exp<b></b>ression. He has a zipped up jacket or jumpsuit with a shirt underneath. The ACU trooper only has one face which is a scared/worried exp<b></b>ression. I would have a scared exp<b></b>ression too if I was about to get eaten by a dinosaur. He has great detail on his torso and legs. Let's take a look at the vest. The vest is the same mold from the SSP in TLM I think. It has the letters ACU on the front too. The back is nothing interesting. Pteranodon The pteranodon has great printing too. The colors match the ones that the pteranodons from the movie have. The wings, mouth, and head are a rubbery type of plastic and are easily bendable. It uses the same mold from the pteranodon in the 2012 Dino line. Here's a comparison between the two. Spare Parts The spare parts aren't many, just a few extras. The Helicopter At first the helicopter was 'meh' when I first saw it on the box. Now that I've built it, I've got to say that I really like it. Its my favorite helicopter of all of the ones I've built. Its sturdy and sleek. It's not too bulky either. The first play feature in this set is the net launcher. It works pretty well, not one of my favorite features but it does what it's meant to do. The other play feature is on the other side. Its a stud shooter which can be used by a minifigure. You can put it on their hand or you can leave it there and let someone operate it. The shooter can fold up inside the helicopter as well. There are stickers on both sides of the helicopter and they also have the Jurassic World logo with Dino marks. Final Verdict Value: 9/10 - For $20 this set isn't that bad. The parts count is a little low for a $20 set but the price is probably because of licensing. Other than that, it's a great deal, I would've hoped for maybe some bait for the pteranodon but that can easily be fixed. Design: 9/10 - I REALLY love the way this helicopter looks, it's sleekness and design is great. The only flaw this has is the huge net launcher, it's too big in my opinion. Minifigs: 10/10[/b] - The minifigures are extremely detailed and it even includes an exclusive minifigure. Playability: 9/10 - There are many things you can do with this set. The swoosh factor is great and so are the play features. Parts: 10/10[/b] - They're useful parts and there isn't many huge specialized pieces in here either. Overall: 9/10 - This set is great for fans of Jurassic World, it's also a nice parts pack. There's one exclusive minifigure in here too which makes it even better. Having a little fun with the set Hope you liked my first review here on Eurobricks! Please leave any suggestions on what to improve, thanks! Edited by TheLazyChicken, 02 May 2015 - 10:19 PM."], [1, 'Thanks for the review! I really like this set. I love the ACU minifigures and the dinosaur is really nice. I think the helicopter has great potential for a SHIELD helicopter. Only suggestion is that some of your pictures are a little bit dark. (Especially the box front one) But really good for your first review! Thanks a lot!'], [-1, 'I love the dinos in these sets but aside from that the builds IMO kind of suck just like the last Dino sets. This just has a franchise connected to it. And honestly I hope it does well enough to spark more Dino/Jurassic Park-World interest because I want to see MORE Dino "minifigures". Maybe a Brontosaurus or something. I will most likely be buying many of the Dinosaur minifigures here. However I doubt I\'ll buy the actual sets or the genetically altered dinosaur (which can only work for Jurassic World). This set is IMO average. Love the dinosaur...'], [1, 'mediumsnowman, on 03 May 2015 - 05:20 AM, said: Thanks for the review! I really like this set. I love the ACU minifigures and the dinosaur is really nice. I think the helicopter has great potential for a SHIELD helicopter. Only suggestion is that some of your pictures are a little bit dark. (Especially the box front one) But really good for your first review! Thanks a lot! Thanks! BrickG, on 03 May 2015 - 07:49 AM, said: This set is IMO average. Love the dinosaur... I love the dinosaur too'], [0, "Nice review! Although, that picture of the ad reminded me of how some of the things surrounding Jurassic World (Lego, that is) seems hastily put together. Just look at that the minifig. He is Star Lord's head and hair, Indiana Jones' torso with different arms, and City legs. To me, that seems a bit weak, especially for a video game."], [0, "Robin Creations, on 04 May 2015 - 02:07 AM, said: Nice review! Although, that picture of the ad reminded me of how some of the things surrounding Jurassic World (Lego, that is) seems hastily put together. Just look at that the minifig. He is Star Lord's head and hair, Indiana Jones' torso with different arms, and City legs. To me, that seems a bit weak, especially for a video game. Oh yeah, I just noticed that"], [1, "Yesterday I went to Toys 'r Us and bought the Dilophosaur Ambush. Beside that the shop had a display of the JW polybags. For €3,49 I picked up two of them. Now here is my little review of this pretty nice set. First some data: Line: Jurassic World Year: 2015 Pieces: 29 Price: €3,49 Packaging: Polybag Ok, lets start with the polybag itself. It is a standard size and had plenty of room for all the parts. The front depicts the whole set with a little hexagon on the right with a seperate picture of the dinosaur and its name. In this case the Celophysis is called Gallimimus. Weird choice Next is the instruction sheet. It is a doublesided paper with every building step in clear sight. The part selection is nice. There are only a few but all of them are pretty usefull for all kind of builds. There are two parts which stood-out. Both are printed tiles. The first one is the yellow/black warning tile in 1x4. You can't have enough of that. The second one is a 2x2 tile with the Jurassic World logo on it. That's pure awesome. The bigger sets seem to have only sticker for that, so this little set is a perfect way to get hold of this nice tile. The leftovers. Nothing special. Here is the complete trap. It is a basic build and functions pretty well. In the end the parts are more interesting as the build so it will definitely end up as a parts-pack. Now on to the star of this bag. The Celophysis/Gallimimus. I don't know why Lego decided to call this dinosaur mold any different, but I think it has to do with movie-connection and the will to not produce a new mold. Nevermind, this figure is great and the colour is very bright and totally stood out. Pretty beastie. A comparison between the 2015 Gallimimus and the 2012 Celophysis. The final set in all its glory. Final verdict: It is a great little set. The parts used a nice and usefull. The printed tiles are the secret stars of this set and the dinosaur is fun two. With a few packs of these you could easily build a Celophysis pack with lots of Jurassic World signs on their way. Highly recommended."], [0, 'nice little review! now i definitely have to check if the toys r us in dortmund has it, too! Edited by KCMatze, 03 May 2015 - 01:34 PM.'], [0, "I'm pleased to see that this is available for purchase, at least in some parts of the world, rather than only being available with the JW game. Nice review, I'll going to scope out whether Toys R Us in Sweden is carrying them, although I've never seen polybags in there before."], [0, 'Nice review! I really hope its avaliable for sale in the US.'], [0, "Thank you, guys. I'm glad you liked this review. It's a nice little set."], [0, 'Great review man, really well written and structured. Hoping to go on a hunt and see if this is available in UK stores soon.'], [0, 'Nice I had to buy the JW Lego game to get mine.'], [0, "Great review! But Spoiler I didn't see or even hear mentioned a Galliminus or any sort of dino trap in the movie. I wonder where this design came from!"], [1, 'Lego 31036 Creator Toy and Grocery Shop Thanks to EuroBricks for making this review possible! For years, Lego has offered a house of some sort in the Creator line each year - with the standard Creator 3-in-1 instructions, that\'s given us a very wide variety of housing. In 2014, they added a business option with their 31026 Bike Shop and Cafe set. This continues into this year\'s Toy and Grocery Shop set. These shops are smaller than the very detailed modular buildings, but that should help them fit in better with the other City sets, and this also lets them get into more kids\' cities with their lower pricetag. Name: Toy and Grocery Shop Set Number: 31036 Pieces: 466 Price: $39.99 Minifigs: 2 Theme: Creator Year of Release: 2015 Links: Bricklink Peeron Brickset The Box The front of the box shows the "A" version model out of the three, plus insets of the B and C versions. I like the sorta-European looking backdrop; it goes well with the styling of the buildings. Interestingly, the main model is shown opened up for play, while the two insets show those versions folded. The Box Top On the top of the box, Lego helpfully shows that with 3 of these sets, you can make a whole street. The Box Back On the back, you get to again see all three versions together, but this time, folded. It\'s a little creepy though with those clones running around :) The Manuals Yep, three actual, printed manuals. There\'s nothing indicating them as being A, B, and C models, but it\'s pretty obvious looking at the designs which is the "main" model and which are the alternates. The Contents Bags of parts and two plates. Nothing terribly exciting to see here.... The Minifigs Nothing new here, but two nice figs none-the-less. Well, Bricklink does say that both figs are unique to this set, but there\'s not any new parts to them. The closest thing to rare is the female head - it\'s only in this set, 2013\'s Dragon Mountain Castle set, a UK store grand opening set, and one of the 2014 Holiday freebie sets. The faces aren\'t that unique, but I guess this exact combo of two faces on the head is. I love the kid torso with the spaceman on it. The Minifig Backs No back printing on anything here except for an alternate female face. Sorry. I do like that her two faces are so different though. That\'s much better than when a head has a "scared" and a "more scared" face. The "C" Build Enough with the basics; let\'s build. I\'m going to review them in the same order I built them, backwards. Since you can tell immediately looking at the 3 designs that they\'re going to use different numbers of pieces and so forth, I figured I\'d build the smallest first lest it seem like a letdown. All three have some basic similarities - the two plates are hinged to give a building that opens for play. They also do have interiors, which you can see starting to form here. The "C" Build, Front It\'s a pretty quick build, so it\'s done already. Here\'s the front of the building with it opened up. Like this, it appears to be two separate stores, a newsstand and some sort of shop you can enter. All the printed tiles help give the newsstand a detailed appearance, but I\'m not sure why they\'ve got a $100 bill lying on the ledge... The "C" Build, Rear From the back side, the interiors are pretty plain. The shop half has a plant in a jar and a weird chair, and the newsstand just has a register. The "C" Build, Sides Here\'s the two sides of the folded building. On the hinge side, there\'s a bunch of windows in a disjointed wall with random colors. On the other, why did they put in a huge window when the set does include a trans-clear door that could have gone there? And you get a small patch of plants, like so many sets seem to have these days. The "C" Build, Extras That\'s a lot of leftovers there. And not just little stuff - multiple doors, stairs, etc. And unused sand green is always a little sad.... The "B" Build, 1 A pretty similar start, with the hinge and little garden and some tiles along the ground. The "B" Build, 2 Now we see a big windowed wall, some details like lights, and how it has the usual alternate model "weird part usage" - like a 1x4 brick with side studs being used over the doorway, even though those side studs will not get used. The "B" Build, Front The finished building gives us a nice little post office, with a letter-carrying bird on the roof. Hope that\'s not their normal method of delivery! Something about the colors just doesn\'t work for me though. The combo of white / light grey / dark grey / black / sand green plus tan is just too much. The tan window and door frames I don\'t like. The "B" Build, Inside On the inside, things are weird. The counter on the left is ok, but the light above the door (with a yellow clip? ugly!) is too big, and everything else over there by the door doesn\'t make much sense either. The "B" Build, Sides I like the front side here, except the colors are still too much. The bench, greenery, mailbox on the corner, and streetlight are all nice. The boy is a little creepy though - binoculars in hand PLUS a telescope on the roof of the post office? Why? The hinge side shows more of the weird colors you get in the wall, but that\'s going to be hidden when the set is open. Plus we even see that on big modulars at times, so it\'s not SO terrible. The "B" Build, Leftovers Again, a lot of leftover parts. It\'s obvious this was another alternate, but it\'d be nice to see more of them used to make a bigger building. But let\'s move on to the model that DOES use them all... The "A" Build, 1 The first half starts like this. Maybe it\'s just my bias, but it already feels like a more detailed build. Bottles on the wall, the yellow and red awning over the window, etc. The "A" Build, 2 The other half starts off with detailed work too. I think that\'s a red vending machine. The stairs are also VERY solidly built. I also appreciate the effort to get that diagonal base where a door will be - it\'s such a nice touch to have sections of a building that aren\'t right angles. The "A" Build, 3 Not too much has been added, but I wanted to showcase the tiny toys before they get hidden by a wall. That robot and train are just fantastic little micro builds. The "A" Build, 4 Things are coming together quickly. The walls, windows, and doors get the first floor nearly done. I\'m still not big on the sand green and tan combo, but I do really like the red and yellow awnings. The "A" Build, 5 It appears the shop owner lives upstairs, since we\'ve got a bedroom forming here. The bed is a little plain, but the table and lamp on the other half are great. And my big fingers did not like putting all those railings on the balcony, with the telescope posts and tile tops. Knocked quite a few off before I got them all done. The "A" Build, Front And it\'s done. All the details make this set really feel like a mini-modular. The roofline has great greebling, and the shop contents, and on and on. It\'s not perfect though. The tiny car above the toy store door isn\'t nearly as good as the toys inside. And the kid\'s yellow scooter? The wheels aren\'t even on the ground, much less able to roll. The scooter looks decent though, so that counts for something. Well, at least as long as you are at this angle, since the boy\'s only got 1 foot on the 1 stud wide scooter. The "A" Build, Inside Most of the interior has been seen already. The roof though does a nice job of being interesting for a roof. A skylight, the edge rails, etc. And you can see there\'s not much "wrong color" in the walls. The "A" Model, Sides An interesting building when folded up. Very tall and skinny. You can tell it\'s not really meant to be displayed this way - it\'s meant to be open. The good - lots! I like the awning, the diagonal door, the flowerbox under the upper window, the folding gate on the balcony that lets it be used in open or closed mode, and the green / white / blue colors. The bad - well, the stairs end short of the upper door, I still don\'t really like the tan doorframes (I think black would have been better), and why don\'t the upper floors match up in size? The "A" Model, Leftovers Ah, that\'s more like it. Just a few small pieces left as spares. The Errors You might have to click through to the full-size versions, but I did catch a few weird errors in the manuals. First, in the photo of the newsstand, the map in the front corner is on there sideways. The map does have a clear north arrow printed on it. On the second image, the boy\'s feet are hanging off the edge. Just unusual to see an alignment error in the manual like that. The Comparison Here are this set and the modular Detective Office side by side. There\'s a huge difference - as you\'d expect. But is the difference MORE than you\'d expect? This set is 466 parts, $40. The DO is 2262 pieces and $160. 5 times the parts, 4 times the price. Looking at them side by side, I\'d expect a bigger difference in both. The Conclusion So, what\'s my conclusion on this model? I love the main model, but the alternates are meh. It\'s a nice set for someone looking for a town building other than police and fire stations, but who isn\'t ready to move to the modular line. Compared to the modulars though, it seems overpriced. Part of that is because the huge modulars are actually a great deal compared to other Lego sets. I\'m also a little surprised that it\'s so small, when you compare it to the City sets like a police station. Those are generally designed with much more open space, letting them be more of a playset. This one is small and cramped, so it\'d be tougher to play in. It\'s not really a City set though. The Ratings Value: 7/10 - It\'s under the 10 cents a part mark, but that\'s largely due to having a TON of tiny parts. All those flowers and decorative 1x1 round studs add up quickly! Design: 7/10 - Good and bad on the colors, and there\'s a big difference between the quality of the main vs alternate models. Having so many leftover pieces is one thing when the Creator set makes 3 very different models (ie a boat, plane, and truck). When it\'s 3 buildings, it seems wasteful to have so many parts leftover. Minifigs: 6/10 - I\'m not sure they both fit the set. I suppose the boy is going to the toy store and the woman is going to the grocery? But there\'s no storekeeper in either. The woman doesn\'t look like a storekeeper to me, so that\'s why I assume she\'s another shopper. I love the boy, but the woman is just so-so - except that I do appreciate the head having two very different expressions. But again, that doesn\'t fit the set. I can\'t see her scared face being used. Playability: 6/10 - The shops are detailed with registers and so forth, but it\'s all so tiny it\'d be hard to play with the figs in it. Parts: 9/10 - Tons of windows and doors, plus nice sand green bricks. But some things (the large blue curves used on the roof for example) are weirdly specialized and would be hard to use in another building design. Overall: 7/10 - I\'d recommend doing what I did - build the alternates first, then the main since that\'s how you\'ll want to leave it. I\'d really like to see the price a little lower compared to other sets (again, the part count is inflated due to SO MANY tiny parts) and the finished building is tiny, but it\'s loaded with neat details.'], [0, "Great review! Very thorough. It's not a set which makes me run to tye store, but it definitely has some fun elements. I do like your new grey background. Your pictures look great!"], [0, 'Any chance you have a picture of the News Stand next to the Detectives Office building as I would love to see the scaling for that?'], [0, 'Nice review mostlytechnic. I particularly like the use of grey background surface for the pictures. It somehow makes the building stand out more. Good job!'], [-1, "A terrific, very comprehensive review - but I'm not at all impressed with this set. It feels like a mishmash of bricks with no clear design aesthetic and as such blatantly underdeveloped (i.e. designed to hit a price/brick count point rather than provide a solid set in the Creator Town tradition). Compared to other Creator sets at this price point (31025 - Mountain Hut, for example) it feels utterly uninspired and ugly. Edited by Johnny6666, 04 May 2015 - 10:02 AM."], [0, "stevkir, on 04 May 2015 - 08:06 AM, said: Any chance you have a picture of the News Stand next to the Detectives Office building as I would love to see the scaling for that? Sorry, I do not - but it'd be tiny and not look like the same scale. Johnny6666, on 04 May 2015 - 09:59 AM, said: It feels like a mishmash of bricks with no clear design aesthetic and as such blatantly underdeveloped (i.e. designed to hit a price/brick count point rather than provide a solid set in the Creator Town tradition). Compared to other Creator sets at this price point (31025 - Mountain Hut, for example) it feels utterly uninspired and ugly. Well, I felt like the main model ALMOST got to good looking :) I'd replace some of the tan with black, but otherwise I'm ok with that one."], [-1, 'Cheers for putting in the time to create a wonderful review. I am not a huge fan of this set; I like the colour combinations, but it all seems a bit all-too-simple. It can (and will) be nicely modularised, though!'], [0, "Thanks 'mostlytechnic' for this review, I only brought this set to continue the shop series from creator. In my opinion it's only half as good as the bike shop/cafe one. Plus it doesn't fit the same as that pair of shops, oh well maybe next year Lego creator will have a better one. Brick On Review On 'mostlytechnic' !"], [1, "Reviews for this set really should picture them next to the Bike Shop & Cafe, which it's intended to be compatible with right down to the size of the baseplates and grey tiles around the edge. It doesn't look that great on its own, but if you add the two sets together you get something that begins to look like a street scene."], [-1, 'lightningtiger, on 04 May 2015 - 12:55 PM, said: Thanks \'mostlytechnic\' for this review, I only brought this set to continue the shop series from creator. In my opinion it\'s only half as good as the bike shop/cafe one. Plus it doesn\'t fit the same as that pair of shops, oh well maybe next year Lego creator will have a better one. Brick On Review On \'mostlytechnic\' ! Well, it IS only half the price of the bike/cafe one too :) But I agree, it seems odd that they\'ve made a couple "shop" creator sets that don\'t fit together in style like this. I guess they\'ve done that for years with the creator houses though - none of those really work together. David Thomsen, on 04 May 2015 - 01:33 PM, said: Reviews for this set really should picture them next to the Bike Shop & Cafe, which it\'s intended to be compatible with right down to the size of the baseplates and grey tiles around the edge. It doesn\'t look that great on its own, but if you add the two sets together you get something that begins to look like a street scene. Interesting to get two comments right in a row with opposite opinions :) I don\'t have the bike/cafe set, but to me, they don\'t looks like they\'d really go together. They\'re the same concept (two buildings that fold in half) but the sidewalk is different size and they just feel differently styled to me.'], [0, 'This seems like half of a set compared to the previous Bike Shop/Cafe. As I like many of the elements, I will probably buy a second one and build a mirror image version (making one entirely a toy shop and the other a book store/news stand) and adjust the sidewalks to work with the previous model. Then I think they will work well together. I remember a little area in Copenhagen that had this sort of architecture. I would hope the subsequent models are better deigned to create more complex alternatives, but these are both good starting points for original or enhanced models.'], [1, "As a fan of Creator houses, I really want to like this set. However, I think that Creator houses have long filled a niche that's neglected elsewhere: residential houses. We haven't had a larger residential house since 2013; I'm not sure if these sets have anything to do with that, but it seems like they may be the replacement for larger houses. And I'd much rather have a larger house set than a set like this. I also agree with many others here; something about it just feels incomplete. I think that the various City business buildings we've gotten in recent years (including those in this year's City Square--which is much more expensive than this, but also contains much more) make for better buildings at this scale."], [1, 'Thanks andy_0306uk, your very clever strategic decision to serve us with blurry pictures allowed me to glance at this review without ruinating that whole wonderful Advent surprise too much.... :-P *y* But although I loved the last year?s one, I think they could do another theme (or perhaps even two calendars), because right now Castle?s pretty hot IMO.'], [0, 'Thank you Andy for your speed review! *y* So there?s nothing left to open while advent? ;-) I like all the tiny sets, it needn?t be another police- and fireman |-/ , but well, what would an advent calendar be without them? :-D One thing about the train traffic lights: TLC used to give us similar lights, but you could show either of the lights with the other one being covered: That one was waaay better! :\'-( Just a little piece more would have done the thing... ...and I won?t mention the radar-crap-dish :-X Let me quote Franz Beckenbauer: "Is\' denn scho\' Weihnacht?" (legendary quote from an promotional job he did years ago - "is it X-mas already?")'], [0, "Asuka, on Sep 13 2007, 01:15 PM, said: But although I loved the last year?s one, I think they could do another theme (or perhaps even two calendars), because right now Castle?s pretty hot IMO. Really hope they do different themes next year but not sure how they'd managed 24 different minisets for Castle? Can envisage 7-8 minifigs but what else?"], [0, "andy_0306uk, on Sep 13 2007, 01:36 PM, said: Really hope they do different themes next year but not sure how they'd managed 24 different minisets for Castle? Can envisage 7-8 minifigs but what else? One word: civilians! (yes, I know, not going to happen :-/ )"], [0, 'andy_0306uk, on Sep 13 2007, 01:36 PM, said: Really hope they do different themes next year but not sure how they\'d managed 24 different minisets for Castle? Can envisage 7-8 minifigs but what else? Yeah, I guess this would need a little more "out of the box" thinking than TLC?s doing usually for their Castle line.... Things that are similar to the City theme, and more civil life based, like some blacksmith equipment, market place, bakery, farmer and so on, but a wizard workshop, a hidden treasure and some medieval furniture would also work fine.... And an evil Santa with spiders and coal pieces as gifts.... and a sledge pulled by a dragon of course. :-D'], [-1, 'no girls....AGAIN! and no santa? whats up with that? sure there are many nice pieces to give life to every city layout.. i would love something more simple a girl taking her dog for a walk a boy on a bicycle simpler things...not all the workmen again!'], [1, 'Informative review, thanks! *y* As usual, it makes a fairly good parts pack. Wish I could pick up a few on deep discount, but at full price one is fine. I do like the \'stewards\' and some of the workmen. Overall, I think I\'m looking more forward to the Belville calendar, just for it\'s assortment of unusual parts. Ugh. Belville. Still, parts are parts, and it\'s got some. Phoinix summed up one of the most common complaints I hear about all of the lines in 3 simple words ... "no girls....AGAIN!" Good job, now get LEGO to listen. ;-)'], [0, "Whoa! It's out already! *places order* I guess I should thank you Andy, because I might have missed this one just like I missed last year's calendar. Now all I have to do is wait two weeks and pick it up at the post office across the border."], [0, 'Freddie, on Sep 13 2007, 03:14 PM, said: I guess I should thank you Andy ........... Thanks are not needed but if anyone wants to show me gratitude by sending me all their orange and/or pink bricks .......... ;-)'], [0, 'andy_0306uk, on Sep 13 2007, 02:23 PM, said: Thanks are not needed but if anyone wants to show me gratitude by sending me all their orange and/or pink bricks .......... ;-) Pink bricks? Mine would fit in a matchbox :-/ : 3 and 1 . ... but I won?t send them anyway! :-P :-D'], [0, 'Holodoc, on Sep 13 2007, 05:20 PM, said: Pink bricks? Mine would fit in a matchbox :-/ : 3 and 1 . OOOOOOOOOo thank you - thank you - thank you - *wub* *wub* *wub* will PM address details Holodoc, on Sep 13 2007, 05:20 PM, said: ... but I won?t send them anyway! :-P :-D Damn - you lil tease :-D Any orange pieces?'], [0, "I've never been fond of these sets, but still buy them every year because my daughters like them. I am, however, looking forward to the Belville Advent Calendar, which likely will have some parts that usually are quite hard to get in it. My girls will love it, and I love all the Belville parts. http://shop.lego.com/Product/?p=7600 If anyone has pics of what is contained in this set I would love to see them."], [0, 'phoinix, on Sep 13 2007, 03:18 PM, said: no girls....AGAIN! and no santa? whats up with that? sure there are many nice pieces to give life to every city layout.. i would love something more simple a girl taking her dog for a walk a boy on a bicycle simpler things...not all the workmen again! I agree, a girl with a dog or a boy with bicycle in a small set would be so nice and strange enough so difficult for TLC. Nice review.'], [-1, 'Thanks Andy for the review! I prefer the city advent calendar 2006 a lot! Those mini sets are nor good for me! The "road subtheme" sets are nice, but the others, not so good! The 05 version waf ok, the 06 version was better, with bigger sets, and more building ones! And the 07 is poor! It\'s just 2-3 pieces to put together on 2x4 plates... Where are the gardening accessories? Where are some nice small constructions that you can put in your layout like a mailbox or an orodator? And the chrismas tree looks :-X IMO! And no santa... *y* for Andy *n* for this calendar'], [1, 'gylman, on Sep 13 2007, 05:51 PM, said: I am, however, looking forward to the Belville Advent Calendar, which likely will have some parts that usually are quite hard to get in it. My girls will love it, and I love all the Belville parts. http://shop.lego.com/Product/?p=7600 If anyone has pics of what is contained in this set I would love to see them. Ohh tks for the news 8-? It really looks interesting, Belville always have great parts in cool colours !! Excellent indeed !! *yoda*'], [1, "xwingyoda, on Sep 13 2007, 06:57 PM, said: Ohh tks for the news 8-? It really looks interesting, Belville always have great parts in cool colours !! Excellent indeed !! *yoda* Wow, interesting! Lego is really expanding with this advent calendar thing! Watch, next year they'll have ones for specific themes, Boy o boy, think about it, Star Wars Advent Calendar, Indy Advent claendar. Of course, this is only speculation, but it would be cool! X-D I'll probably buy both of these (even though I'm a boy ;-) ) so I get 2 surprises every day instead of one! :-P ;-)"], [0, 'I\'m a big fan of anime and have watched some mechas like Full Metal Panic, Neon Evangelion: Genesis (it is a mecha!) and Chobits (Well... She is a robot...), so I was curious to see what this new Exo Force line was all about. The colorful sets and manga-like characters didn\'t persuade me right away, but the urgent need for a couple of white 3x3 wing plates made me purchase this little thing. It cost me 70 DKR as you can see on the box. This is 9.30 euro, or about the same an American has to pay for the new Republic Cruiser. Pretty expensive for so few pieces (90 + a spare technic pin) The box An action-packed box with one of the sides being oddly empty except from the LEGO-logo. What\'s inside There is a small building instruction, two polybags (no bag building here) and a sticker sheet with alarmingly many stickers. The build It takes so little time to build this set that I didn\'t get to take any pictures of the process. Every step was accompanied by an element description although I doubt most of you will need that with so few pieces to keep track on. Most of the dark green bricks have a sticker - even the slopes where the rough surface makes stickers fall off easily! There should also have been a sticker on the windshield, but I wanted to keep that piece clean for better usage later. (I\'m one of those who keeps stickers on the bricks) The model You want to see this model from the front, as the back is pretty much neglected There isn\'t much for the pilot to grab a hold on either. He is pretty much a sitting duck up there with the screen giving him only partial cover. There is a huge wrench next to him which kind of symbolizes the crudeness of the mech. The set isn\'t called "Cyclone Defender" for nothing. The right arm might hold an ordinary light assault riffle, but the other has a spinning disc with samurai swords which you can turn with the yellow knob on the backside. Those of you who have seen Robot Wars might remember the incredible power of this melee weapon from a robot named Hypnodisc. It would have been nice had there been a pull-back motor to power the disc (I\'m sure LEGO has a lot of these in stock), but the simple mechanism still works reasonably well. The riffle comes off and a pin makes it easy to hold with the hand, but the disc is fixed to the arm. It is also a problem that the swords get misaligned quickly during play. The minifig I really like this minifig because of the neat idea with an expression on each side that LEGO has made a standard for Exo Force. Posability Most mech-moc\'ers show off their creations using Gundam-like poses. With two joints per leg (one being the ankles) and one for an arm I thought of some less serious poses: Crawling (Silent like a ninja!): Belly gliding: Kick off!; Upside down: Final Rating I have to disappoint you here. This is my first set in this line and I have absolutely no idea of how good it is. The last robot I bought was the awesome 6889 Spyrius Recon Robot for the same price, but it is in a completely different genre. The set had what I expected (two white wings) and is as such a no-nonsense set. I guess it would be of more use if you have some more Exo Force, which I don\'t. 6/10 Ups: Has great minifig, weapons and is easy to build. Downs: Crude design and a bit too expensive for what you get. (Brickshelf gallery)'], [1, 'A funny review with cool pics, thanks Lasse D. A somehow mediocre mecha design, but a beautiful dark green color! Upside down mecha yoga exercises on! :-D'], [0, 'Nice review :) But... You paid HOW much? This set is priced around 7 Euros here in Germany, which is a very fair price for what you get in my oppinion. It?s a little disappointing though, that I couldn?t think of any alternate builds for this set, and there are no inspirations on the box or the EF website.'], [0, "9.30 euro is MSRP here in Denmark. 7 euro would have resulted in a nicer reception from my part, but the strong marked position of LEGO in its homeland together with the general high prices (because some of us are supposedly rich...) makes the prices less bearable. It is funny you should mention Germany. I thought the prices for LEGO were even higher there! I'm sure I paid more than MSRP last time I bought LEGO from from your country. On the other hand. The last thing I bought was the 5521 Model Team sea jet from 1993!"], [-1, 'I was going to buy one of these but decided not to. I am glad now seeing the rather annoying construction. The minifig is good though, Thanks for the review! :-) Batbrick Away! >:-) Edited by Batbrick, 17 September 2007 - 07:29 AM.'], [1, "I have 2 of these guys. :-D It's awesome, only cost me 13 bucks NZ, for a comparison, the Castle Crossbow Attack set costs $10 NZ. For the win! Did I read this wrong? You paid about the same price as the Republic Cruiser??! The Republic Cruiser costs $200 NZ, and the Cyclone Defencer costs $13. I must have read that wrong... *wacko*"], [0, 'I guess that?s what some people refer to as "sarcasm" ;)'], [-1, "nice review but i dont think i'll get this set i dont relly like the look it looks ugly, hmmm anyway..."], [1, "Thanks for the great review. I love the poses. :-D I got this for my kids and they didn't mind it but I think they prefer my sets because they aren't theirs. :-|"], [0, 'DJ Force, on Sep 17 2007, 11:02 AM, said: I guess that?s what some people refer to as "sarcasm" ;) Oh... 8-| My bad... :-$'], [1, 'I couldn\'t find a review of this wonderful set in here, so here it goes! I got the set for MSRP (180kr = 24 euro) which is a fair price here in Denmark. As all other Creator sets there are instructions for several models (3 in this case). The box The box is a little larger than City sets in the same price range. The primary model is shown on the front while you see the secondary ones on the back. What you get 312 pieces in 5 polybags and two building instructions: one for the primary model and the other for the rest. The built It was impossible for me to speed build this model because of the nifty functional details from the retractable landing gear to the wings that can turn by means of the handle in the back of the model. It took me a full hour to build it because I had to "test" how it all works together. The finished model The landing gear isn\'t fully enclosed when retracted and the models are sub-minifig scale, but I still love the design of the models. The doors for the rear wheels open as you pull the wheels down and the final piece of functionality comes from the wings that can either tilt (the horizontal stabilizers) or have elevators. Wing in, wings out, wings in, wings out... Ratings As a whole I actually like this set even more than the Big Rig. The models are just as diverse but the added functionality makes the plane more fun to play with than the rig. Price: 7/10 - A good price, but not a bargain as the Big Rig Design: 9/10 - There could have been a sligtly higher level of details in the main model, but all models are really good looking and I especially like the design of the hovercraft. Functionality: 10/10 - I guess you could ask for working rudders, opening cockpit and so on, but the plane is really filled with movable parts and the turning of the wings works really well. Secondary models: 7/10 - A hovercraft! How awesome is that!? If only the last model was just as inventive instead of a standard helicopter... Modifiability: 8/10 - The bricks are in ordinary colours and there is a good variety of them giving you plenty of possibilities for MOC\'ing. You can easily make the main model into something that looks more like an F-14. 9/10 Probably as good as it gets for a Creator set in this price range. It is entertaining to both build and play with, looks good and the secondary models are worth building as well! (Brickshelf gallery)'], [1, "Thanks! I was planning on doing this review but I have been a bit swamped lately. :-$ Great review of a great set. It isn't too hard to convert the plane to Mini-fig size either. (Sorry I forgot to take photos...) I might add some photos to your review...."], [1, "Nice review and a nice set. Thanks for taking the time. I'll want to pick this guy up."], [1, 'Hovercraft Alternate model. Uses around 4/5th of the parts. It is cool but a bit fragile.'], [1, "Great review Lasse D. A definite two *y* up. I bought this set for the swing-wing concept. I was very curious what TLC's design was like. I have been working on modifying it just a little to look more like the F-14. So far I have completed the back section, but I need to finish the cockpit. Overall this is a great set. I *wub* TLC's swing-wing concept. Model On!!"], [1, 'this is a really great set! when i first saw it i thought "oh a silly small plane who needs that" and then i got it and i am very happy that i did! this is one of the best designed lego creator sets! and it was designed by the designer of the Cafe-Corner!!!!'], [1, 'A fine set, a great review and good additional pictures. Thanks Lasse D and Sinner. Teamwork on! *y*'], [0, "Thank you Sinner for bringing the pictures of the hovercraft. I think it is a really cool model, but The steering wheel doen't work too well. It doesn't turn easilly all the way around and when the craft turns, it doesn't stay stable on the three wheels because the front wheel turns quite alot into the opposite side. Now to the third model! This is quite a basic helicopter with the functionality of having the rotors turning. It doesn't use that many of the bricks and doesn't even have a landing gear. I have a question to all of you. As you can see, I prefer to show one or two large pictures and have the rest as clickable thumbnails. Most people use only the relatively big (typically 640x480) pictures so that you don't have to follow links. What do you prefer? It is no problem for me to do it the other way, but I would like to know if you have any preferences."], [0, "Lasse D, on Sep 21 2007, 05:09 AM, said: Thank you Sinner for bringing the pictures of the hovercraft. I think it is a really cool model, but The steering wheel doen't work too well. I agree. Errr... sorry if I have annoyed you by posting the pictures. Looking at your Brickshelf folder you had taken photos of the hovercraft as well and I seem to have stepped on your toes. :-$ Feel free to beat me up, or I could do it myself if you prefer... 8-| (I prefer bigger pictures as I get tired of clicking, waiting, clicking, waiting. If the pictures are all there all you have to do is click then wait! :-P )"], [1, "Thanks for this excellent review Lasse D! :-) I was thinking about getting this the other day but decided not to. I regret my actions! Glad to see Creator making great sets, the theme has so much potential, I just wish that this set had more models... |-/ Oh well can't have it all, anyway, Thanks! *sweet* Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [0, "Sinner, on Sep 21 2007, 09:19 AM, said: I agree. Errr... sorry if I have annoyed you by posting the pictures. Looking at your Brickshelf folder you had taken photos of the hovercraft as well and I seem to have stepped on your toes. (I prefer bigger pictures as I get tired of clicking, waiting, clicking, waiting. If the pictures are all there all you have to do is click then wait! :-P ) You didn't step on my toes because I took the pictures after you posted them :-P I just wanted to add them for completeness. I can see the loading issue when you click a lot of pictures (I normally hold CTRL down so that they open in their own tabs... but they still have to load). Any other opinions?"], [0, "Batbrick, on Sep 21 2007, 04:51 PM, said: Glad to see Creator making great sets, the theme has so much potential, I just wish that this set had more models... |-/ According to the guy that designed this set there was a Space Shuttle Alt model but this year Lego decided to not show them... *wacko* Lasse D, on Sep 21 2007, 05:36 PM, said: You didn't step on my toes because I took the pictures after you posted them :-P I just wanted to add them for completeness. That's a relief! :-) I didn't make the helicopter as it didn't impress me very much. I was curious about the hovercraft though."], [1, '?34.99 is not too shabby. The big guy itself is nice, but the gem of the set is the Mech. Really nice Mech I must say! Great for posing. The Mini figs Suprisingly nice little build/vehicle. Never seen this element before....its probably nothing new though, Lol. No articulation of the legs? Nooooooo! Phew! The front two legs do articulate. Would of been bad if they didnt. Overall, I give the set 7.8/10. Not the best, but its actually quite nice, and the Yellow Mech is awesome. If it was him on his own, then 9.4/10! Cheers'], [-1, 'Thanks for the review! I really dislike this set but I thought much worse of it when we saw the first pic. I think it was a good idea (mech transporter) pursued in a horribly wrong way! :-X Thanks again! :-) Batbrick Away! >:-)'], [1, 'I so need to buy this! Where did you get it from? It says limited, so I guess it?s only available in certain stores, as the Bridge Walker was, or Supernova or Golden Guardian.'], [1, "Nice! *y* Doesn't look that bad at all, but what's with the first pic? The one of Skeleton Tower? *wacko* Is it so we can see the corner of the intructions? :-P Edited by iamded, 30 September 2007 - 09:29 PM."], [0, "iamded, on Sep 22 2007, 07:42 PM, said: Nice! *y* Doesn't look that bad at all, but what's with the firs pic? The one of Skeleton Tower? *wacko* Is it so we can see the corner of the intructions? :-P __________________ Thats what I was thinking! *wacko* In the future when I buy all the exo-force sets off bricklink or ebay, I'll get this one for the decent yellow mecha, and cool function (carrying mecha), and just for completion sake. Most people are getting to worked up over this, one bad set doesn't mean the end of exo-force, though I would like to see less two-legged mechas and more unconventional designs like the Shadow Crawler and Bridge Walker. Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [-1, "Consider the first pic a freeby pic, to whet your appetite. :-$ 8-? :'-)"], [1, "It?s for sure an at least interesting set. The idea of attaching that small mecha to the bugs body is very good, so it works like a counterpart to the Aero Booster. Pretty nice. Although.... only the two front legs?re articulated? That?s a shame.... :'-( Thanks for the review, ReZourceman. *y*"], [0, 'I like how the back is a prison, but aside from that it looks like spare parts to me! Thanks for the review though. *sweet*'], [1, 'Nice! I really want this now. The yellow mech was the thing I disliked on it, but now its my favourite part of it. -ZotS'], [1, 'that yellow mech would make a killer $10 set! I would buy it on its own... *wub*'], [0, 'Why are the best sets limited editions? >:-('], [0, 'Nightmare_Zero, on Oct 14 2007, 03:59 PM, said: Why are the best sets limited editions? >:-( You can still get it quite easily at S@H or in Lego Stores. I know of one in Oberhausen and in Cologne, and I think there?s one in Hamburg and Munich as well. Depending on where you live you might get it in one of those shops fpr 49.99 Euros.'], [1, 'ReZourceman, on Sep 22 2007, 09:52 AM, said: [Suprisingly nice little build/vehicle. Oh my god!, they killed Kitt! 8-? , you basterds! *sing* :-D :-P ;-) Thank you for the nice review :-) Edited by Wout, 14 October 2007 - 07:25 PM.'], [0, 'I just got set number 7721, the new special edition crawler thing in woolworths in croydon, england. Apparently it is a woolworths exclusive over here and i didnt expect to see it on shelves for a while yet. Pleased to get it, just about to start building it. looks like a very good set. I love the yellow mech.'], [1, 'i got a set of this but i planning to sell away to earn money to buy another set since im almost broke right now. :-D i got a set of this but i planning to sell away to earn money to buy another set since im almost broke right now. :-D'], [0, 'Does anyone have a box pic of this set? DP8'], [0, ''], [1, 'It is no secret that Marvel is one of the most successful companies right now. From the Avengers to the X-Men and down to even the most obscure characters like Ant-Man, every one of their movies has been a big hit until now. The latest Marvel movie, Fant4stic, was released last month and while I have not seen it yet, I\'m sure it\'s just as great as their other movies. I mean, it has the word "Fantastic" in the title after all! And being the smart business that they are, The Lego Company decided to get in on the hype early and capitalize on this movie\'s undoubtful success two years in advance by making a set featuring Fant4stic\'s main villain, Dr. Doom. Now that\'s what I call forward thinking! But did they do a good job with it or were they being overhasty? Let\'s find out! Set Number: 76005 Name: Spider-Man: Daily Bugle Showdown Theme: Marvel Super Heroes Subtheme: Ultimate Spider-Man Year of Release: 2013 Pieces: 476 Minifigs: 5 Price: $49.99 USD S@H description: Quote Swing into the Daily Bugle and stop Dr. Doom™! Dr. Doom™ and his henchman Beetle™ are attacking the Daily Bugle in their speedy jet to steal Spider-Man\'s™ secret identity. It\'s up to Spider-Man™ and Nova™ to swing in and stop them! Trigger the Daily Bugle\'s explosion functions to cause destruction as the jet fires missiles! Stop Dr. Doom™ from hitching the jet\'s anchor hook to the safe with Spider-Man\'s secret inside! Knock Beetle™ off the building with the swinging web attack and drop Dr. Doom™ inside with the rooftop trapdoor! Then fly Nova™ in through the broken window with the dumpster catapult function and send those villains back to where they came from. Includes Spider-Man™, Nova™, Dr. Doom™, Beetle™ and J. Jonah Jameson™ with accessories and weapons. The first thing that comes to mind after reading this description is: Wow, that\'s a lot of TMs! Anyway, here are some resource links for this set: Brickset Bricklink Rebrickable The Box Since this set is based on the Ultimate Spider-Man cartoon, the box has the usual USM design with the red Marvel Super Heroes background, an illustration of Spidey in the upper right corner, and the USM logo in the lower right. As usual, there is a minifig line up in the lower left, and since this was before the terrible redesign, you can see the full body of the minifigs. I really miss this type of line up. There is quite a lot going on here: Doctor Doom attacking the Daily Bugle in his jet while simultaneously reaching for J. Jonah Jameson below with his jet\'s claw, Spider-Man (reluctantly) swings in to save him, while Nova fights off the Beetle. It\'s a pretty cool scene, even though it\'s not very accurate to the show. In "Beetle Mania", the episode that this set is based on, the Beetle was indeed out to kill JJJ, but it was in order to stop him from exposing his identity, not Spider-Man\'s (although Spidey was next on JJJ\'s list). And while he is a recurring villain on the show, Doctor doom had nothing to do with this plot and didn\'t even appear in the episode aside from a brief cameo. It\'s awesome that they included him anyway, though, so I\'m not gonna complain. Note that the tower is so tall that it wraps around the top of the box. There, you can also see a scale reference with the Spider-Man minifig. On the back of the box, you can see the interior of the Bugle and all of its play features which there are quite a few of since this is a playset. It\'s all illustrated pretty well, although Lego\'s choice of sound effects is still a mystery to me. I don\'t get why they don\'t go for Spider-Man\'s signature "Fwip!" instead of "Fazzing!" and I didn\'t know that a breaking window made the sound "Btoom!" but I digress. Contents Inside the box you will find three instruction booklets (one smaller than the others), a comic book, a fairly large sticker sheet, five numbered bags, and two loose pieces: A white string piece and a gray 16x8 plate. There aren\'t really any notable pieces and nobody cares about the comic bock (no offense to the artist), so lets get right to the instructions. They are pretty straight forward and easy to follow. Some of the pages have a ghostly image of Spidey, Nova, and Dr. Doom in the top right corner which is fitting since these are all minifigs that appear in this set (which is strangely not something that can be said for many other Super Heroes instructions with this type of artwork). Minifigures As with most Super Heroes sets, most people will get this set mainly for the minifigs, so without further ado, let\'s talk about them. Spider-Man is the same old bootless one you get in almost every USM set. Not much to say about him. Some might complain that we don\'t get Spidey\'s alter ego Peter Parker in this set, but in the USM cartoon, MJ is actually the one who works at the Daily Bugle, not Peter. Curse the creators of this cartoon for ruining our chances of getting a new Peter Parker minifig by trying to mix things up. Next we get J. Jonah Jameson. He appeared in a Spider-Man 2 set before, but this is a complete redesign. He now has a blue suit with a red tie, a unique face print, and that combed-back hair in dark gray. This new hairpiece doesn\'t suit him at all and the old flat top hair was perfect for him in my opinion, so I don\'t know why they changed it. The good thing about this change, however, is the fact that this piece is exclusive to this set in that color. Nova on the other hand is spot-on. He comes with a new helmet mold and some nice torso printing. However, he, too, is missing his boots. TLC should have started making dual-colored legs a long time ago. Here are some reference images to compare them to. Okay, so JJJ\'s hair may not be completely black in the show, but I still think they should have given his minifig a black hairpiece. His suit is also not quite the right color. He rarely appears in person in the show (including the episode this set is based on) and is usually seen on screens around New York, so this is the best picture of him I could find. I guess I should be happy they included a minifig of him at all. In the episode, it was actually Mary Jane who was at the Bugle during Beetle\'s attack, so it would have made more sense to include her, but we got her in the Spider-copter set one year later, so that\'s ok. All three of them have back printing. In JJJ\'s case I\'m using that term loosely since it is only comprised of two lines, but it\'s nice that they went through the trouble of adding them. Both JJJ and Nova come with angry alternate faces. It almost looks like they\'re trying to out-angry each other. Who do you think looks angrier? Let me know in the comments section below. Now let\'s talk about the bad guys. Even though he would be better off in a Fantastic Four set, it\'s great to finally get Victor Van Doom, one of the greatest Marvel villains ever and in comics in general. He comes with a dark green hood which was new and exclusive in that color at the time, and he is the only minifig in this set that has leg printing. Beetle is a regular minifig with wings. The metallic printing on his face and torso is pretty nice, but I wish it would have continued onto his legs as well. The Beetle looks quite accurate to his on-screen counterpart. The only thing that could have improved him is a new helmet mold with pointy eyebrows/antennae. Doctor Doom, however, looks nothing like he does in the movie. I just don\'t understand how Lego could have messed him up so badly. Maybe they were working off of early concept art or something. Here is a back view of Doom and Beetle. Beetle would be a pretty boring minifig if it wasn\'t for his wings which are awesome with their holographic texture. They are so mesmerizing, I could look at those things all day. This piece also appeared in trans. light green in the Galaxy Squad sets which came out at the same time. Here they are without their gear. As you can see, they both have back printing as well. And no, Doctor Doom does not come with an alternate facial expression, which is fine since you can\'t see much of his expressions due to his mask anyway. Here\'s a look at Dr. Doom and Nova without their headgear. Some say that Doom\'s face looks too cartoony, but I think it looks fine. Nova is wearing stylish goggles as a way of explaining his white eyes. It\'s a far better explanation than the Bat-sweatband. They did the same thing with the masked Wolverine later. Here are all the figs with their accessories. JJJ comes with a camera so that he can take "more pictures of Spider-Man!" Beetle comes with one of those overused ADU guns which is a very poor representation of his wrist-mounted blasters. I hate to say it, but even those bulky new stud shooters would have been a better representation of his weapons. Spidey comes with his usual string of webbing and Nova comes with some Iron Man style translucent studs. The weird thing is that they are red while his powers have a blue glow in the show. Doctor Doom sadly doesn\'t get any accessories, but who needs weapons when you have a jet with a claw and flick-fire missiles. The Build The first bag contains Spider-Man, a brick separator, and the parts to build the ground floor of the DBC building. After a quick and straight-forward build, you get this. The dumpster and street lamp are separate from the building and since the lamp post is not built onto any baseplate and is quite top-heavy, it gets knocked over pretty easily. Maybe it\'s meant to be that way, but I would have preferred it if you could stick it onto the baseplate of the building on which there is unfortunately not enough space to do so. As you would expect, the second bag has the parts for the first floor of the building. This is also the bag that contains Beetle. After another fairly simple build, you\'ll find yourself with a two story building with a spiderweb one side and a fire escape on the other. However, you have to apply three stickers during this section of the build which is never fun. Can you guess what\'s in bag number 3? Yup, the second floor of the building. You don\'t need superpowers to predict that one. Also, this bag contains Nova and Jameson. The build of this section is a bit repetitive since the second floor is mostly the same as the first and it takes slightly longer to build since you have to build the rooftop as well. Also, in addition to the two window stickers you have to apply ten 2x2 tile stickers! Trying to do this without having any of them being crooked is a real pain in the megablocks. The next bag contains Doctor Doom and the cockpit of his jet. Doom\'s cape is in the usual square white box and the string for the claw is folded up in a piece of tape. Here\'s what you get at the end of this section. Looks more like an escape pod than a jet at this point. The final bag is the smallest as it only includes the few parts needed to finish the Doom jet. Once you build the wings and tail, you stick them onto the cockpit via Technic pins and you\'re done. Spare Parts These are the parts that are left over after the build. There is the brick separator of course, an extra antenna, and the usual little bits and bops. What\'s really awesome, though, is that they give you an extra pair of Beetle\'s wings! Considering what a neat piece this is and that this is the only set in which it comes in trans-black make this a very welcome spare that you can use in your customs. The Finished Set Here is the complete set. The DBC building looks quite tall, especially when you count the antenna. Comparing it to a screenshot from the episode, the general look of the building is there, although there are some inaccuracies. Aside from the fact that it is obviously way down-scaled, the screens that show JJJ ranting about Spider-Man should have been hexagonal, not square, and should have wrapped around the building. However, considering how many stickers you would have had to apply if they would have made it accurate, I\'m actually glad they kept the screen mercifully small. Much like Doctor Doom himself, the Doom jet didn\'t actually appear in the Beetle Mania episode. However, it did appear in a later episode titled "Not A Toy" in which Spider-Man plays around with Captain America\'s shield, accidentally drops it in Doctor Doom\'s Latvarian embassy and has to try to retrieve it. And yes, that episode was as godawful as it sounds. Here\'s a screenshot of the jet from that episode. Like with the DBC, they managed to capture the general shape of the vehicle, although it doesn\'t look quite as good as in the show. The color scheme is too dark and it looks kind of blockier. Let\'s take a closer look at the jet. There is no real way to reel the claw in unfortunately. However, there is a stud on the back of the jet that you can stick it onto. Needless to say, this is not the ideal way of storing it. I would have much preferred it if they would have attached it onto winch instead. The engines on the wings can be turned, even though they don\'t turn in the show, and there is a flick-fire missile on each side. Even if it\'s not much to look at, at least it\'s a very swooshable vehicle. On top of each wing there is a tile with the emblem of Latvaria. There was no such emplems on the jet in the cartoon, but they are useful pieces that make it clear whose jet it is, so I\'m glad they included them. There is nothing inside the cockpit except for a seat and unless you want to ruin Dr. Doom\'s nice dark green cape, I wouldn\'t put him inside of it. They could have at least printed a control panel onto that empty 2x2 tile. Play Features Since this is a playset, let\'s look at all the play features it has to offer. Like all playsets, the building is open in the back so you can play inside. On the ground floor, there is a potted plant and... nothing else. Seriously? Is this all they could come up with for this floor? They could have included a security desk, a lounge, a second plant, or anything else! As it is, it\'s just a boring empty lobby. The first floor is a bit more interesting. There is a safe, a swiveling chair, and a pin board with various pictures of Spider-Man. There is one tile that reads: "The true identity of Spider-Man" which is supposedly what the villains are after. I wonder how Jameson got this information in the first place. Speaking of Jameson, the second floor is devoted to his office where he can sit and yell at his non-present employees, demanding "more pictures of Spider-Man!" It also has a swiveling chair as well as a desk with a lamp and a computer. There is a Technic beam connecting his desk with the ceiling of the first floor which you can remove in order to take off the upper half of the building, but it\'s difficult to do, so I don\'t recommend it. As you may have noticed in the picture above, there are a few red pegs sticking out of the building. These are for triggering the play features. Most of them are on the roof. There is one on what looks like an air conditioning unit. If you place Spider-Man holding is web-string on the jumper plate in front of it and push the peg, Spidey goes bungee-jumping off the building. Wee! There is also one that sticks out of the side of the building which when pulled triggers a trap door. The third red peg on the roof can be used to pop off the DBC sign. Why is it called the DBC, you ask? It stands for Daily Bugle Communications since in this version of Spider-Man, the Daily Bugle is not only a newspaper, but a news TV station as well, one that promotes its own highly biased views. So basically the Fox News of the Marvel universe. I guess if you\'re an old school Spider-Man fan, you could just leave off the "C" and have it just stand for Daily Bugle. The sign above the main entrance wont be so easily modified however. There is also a peg between the first and second floor which when pushed pops out one of the windows on the first floor. The safe is only attached to a couple of jumper plates and has some jumper plates on top of it as well, so you can easily attach the Doom jet\'s claw to it and rip it out of the building as seen on the back of the box. There are also some SNOT bricks on the corners of the building that you can attach spiderwebs or Spidey himself onto for some wall-crawling and webslinging action. This is not so much a play feature as it is just a feature, but as I mentioned earlier, there is a fire escape on the left side of the building. This was a neat idea as it helps it feel like a building in New York City, but it is executed very poorly. There is no hole big enough for the minifigs to climb down through, so they would have to climb down the ladders from the outside which makes no sense. No wonder Spider-Man always needs to rescue people from burning buildings. There is one more play feature in the form of the dumpster. You can open the lid, put a minifig inside, and make them jump by hitting a tab in the back. Remember, this is before the introduction of super jumpers, but nevertheless it\'s a pretty strange place to launch minifigs out of. I guess even Super Heroes like to do some dumpster diving. You don\'t think this was funny? No? Well, me neither, but that\'s the type of humor that this show loves to use. Sigh. Anyway, let\'s get on to the ratings. Ratings Design: 2/5 - The set looks ok. Despite many inaccuracies, the DBC building and the jet somewhat resemble their on-screen counterparts and don\'t look too bad, but they definitely could be better. Build: 1/5 - A mostly unchallenging and repetitive build with an attrocious amount of stickers. Minifigs: 4/5 - Definitely the strongest point of the set. Some of the figs could be better, but four out of five of them are exclusive to this set. Doctor Doom is easily the best and probably the most desirable one - unless the Fant4stic movie portraits him so badly that nobody will be interested in him, but that\'s impossible. Playability: 4/5 - As you would expect from a playset, the playability is quite high, although I still feel like there could have been more. Parts: 3/5 - Not many rare parts. If you\'re looking for parts for building your own skyscraper with tan walls and lots of doors and windows though, this set is for you. Price: 3/5 - At 476 parts for $50, this set is a bit pricey, but it is somewhat justified by all the large window and wall pieces. Overall: 3/5 - This set is mediocre at best. Playsets are always a good choice for Spider-Man sets since they give Spidey something to swing from, but unfortunately they are rarely pulled off well. The jet is blocky, the building is bare-bones, and the price feels too high. The only reason to get this set are the four exclusive minifigs. This set was discontinued early this year, but if you still see it on clearance somewhere, go ahead and get one for the minifigs and parts, or buy multiples and use the parts to build a better DBC building. I hope you enjoyed this review. It is part of the Reviewers Academy\'s 7th Anniversary. We\'re not doing a big celebration this year due to other commitments, but look out for more reviews with the 7th Anniversary banner soon. Now, if you\'ll excuse me, I am off to see Fant4stic. I hope it\'s as fantastic as it promises to be! (2 hours later) I was wrong! I was horribly, horribly wrong!'], [1, 'Hahah, entertaining and informative, a great read- thanks for the review! On a side note I thought Fant-Four-Stic was....ok. On the poorer side of ok. The exposition felt like it was from a 3 hour film because it was so long and towards the middle it started to drag. The ending was terrible. Edited by Mutant Orc, 12 September 2015 - 09:53 PM.'], [1, 'This is my favourite set! Should be making more Spidey sets like this IMO. *cough* Oscorp Tower *cough*'], [0, "This set is from 2013, Doctor Doom is completely based off the Comic version/ TV Show version, not the movie in any way. Anyways, nice review. I personally own this set, and it's a nice set, but could have been better. Edited by Aegis2000, 13 September 2015 - 02:33 AM."], [1, "Yeah. I'm really hoping the concept art/Doom minifig joke is just that! I picked this set up on whim, mostly because a needed a building to add to a MOC, as a parts pack it's not a bad set at all."], [0, 'Thanks for the review, i\'ve had that set for quite a while, and it\'s among my favorite Marvel Superheroes Sets actually. Compared to the other stuff we usually get to accompany the minifigs... All those "Laboratorys", the most recent Construction Site, and the "Hydra Fortress" .. yeah... You\'re being a little harsh here Maybe you\'re still suffering from PTSD after watching Fant-Four-Stic!'], [0, "Aegis2000, on 13 September 2015 - 02:32 AM, said: This set is from 2013, Doctor Doom is completely based off the Comic version/ TV Show version, not the movie in any way. Anyways, nice review. I personally own this set, and it's a nice set, but could have been better. He's just joking about Doom."], [0, 'I actually am surprised at the poor points this set has gotten, as this is one of my favorite sets that Marvel has put out. I actually would like to hear what your thoughts are on the USM - LEGO Dr. Doom comparison, Oky. Thanks for the review. http://marvelanimate...or_Doom_USM.png Edited by Zorglorfian, 14 September 2015 - 06:44 AM.'], [0, 'Thanks everyone! DarthBrickus, on 13 September 2015 - 02:53 PM, said: Thanks for the review, i\'ve had that set for quite a while, and it\'s among my favorite Marvel Superheroes Sets actually. Compared to the other stuff we usually get to accompany the minifigs... All those "Laboratorys", the most recent Construction Site, and the "Hydra Fortress" .. yeah... You\'re being a little harsh here Perhaps you\'re right, maybe I was a bit too harsh on this set. Don\'t get me wrong, it\'s not a bad set, especially compared to some other sets we have gotten in this price range, but somehow I was still expecting more. DarthBrickus, on 13 September 2015 - 02:53 PM, said: Maybe you\'re still suffering from PTSD after watching Fant-Four-Stic! I still have not seen it actually (and I don\'t ever plan to). So don\'t worry, no Okys were harmed in the making of this review. Im a brickmaster., on 13 September 2015 - 03:55 AM, said: Yeah. I\'m really hoping the concept art/Doom minifig joke is just that! Yes, the whole Doctor Doom/Fant4stic thing was obviously a joke. Everybody knows what Doctor Doom is supposed to look like, except for the makers of Fant4stic apparently. Zorglorfian, on 14 September 2015 - 06:44 AM, said: I actually would like to hear what your thoughts are on the USM - LEGO Dr. Doom comparison, Oky. Thanks for the review. http://marvelanimate...or_Doom_USM.png There\'s not much to say really. Doom in USM looks just like he does in the comics, and Lego recreated that look perfectly. Again, he\'s definitely the best part of this set.'], [0, "I'm glad you were joking about Doom. I'm not that big of a fanboy, but I had the need to correct you for some reason. With that said, I bought this set for the minifigures a few years ago. Looking back, I don't really care about the figures today like I did in 2013. The building is decent for the size of the set though. Thanks for the review."], [0, "For those of you who are old enough to remember System Shock: Next on Maury: Who's the Father? Edited by DarthBrickus, 15 September 2015 - 05:28 PM."], [0, "Overall, I wish Marvel in particular would have more playsets in its theme (Batman has several great ones in the DC theme). But then again, if this is the best playset to date for Marvel, maybe it's better just to leave well enough alone. I would definitely like to see them attempt something in the $100+ (US) price range because I think it could be good; Marvel needs an equivalent to the Arkham Asylum set. Regarding this set, I saved myself some money and bought the 4 minifigs I needed (all but Spidey) on Bricklink for less than half the set price. Edited by dmarvin, 17 September 2015 - 06:25 PM."], [0, "Personally, I thought your review was spot on and I very much enjoyed your tone. I'm not usually much of a mini-fig person, but I will admit I bought this set mostly for Dr. Doom (and considered Nova a bonus). Growing up, I was a big fan of the Fantastic Four and an even bigger fan of Dr Doom. I hope that someday the film rights will revert to Marvel and we'll finally get a FF film that respects the original source material and features a Dr Doom worthy of the name. As for the set itself, I don't have much use for playsets (not that there's anything wrong with them, I think the Marvel Lego line could use more of them in fact) and I didn't even realize it was linked to a specific show as I've fallen a bit out of touch with the franchise of late. I bought it; I built it; it sat a shelf for a while; I scrapped it for parts. I think most of it wound up as a greenhouse for my winter village set-up. It's not a _bad_ set, but I think you summed things up nicely when you called it mediocre. Thanks for the entertaining review."], [1, "Thanks for the review.I'm not a big fan of Spider Man sets, but this set really impressed me. This must because of the design of this set and the minifigures that included in this set."], [-1, "I think I'm the only person in the world who likes Fant4stic... Was it the best superhero movie? Not even close, but I didn't think it deserved the hate it got. It was just incredibly and clumsily mishandled. Anyways, great review. I might pick this one up if only for the Beetle fig."], [0, 'This set seems to appeal more to the non superhero crowd. It is one of the only marvel sets I bought. Mainly because I thought that the building was a nice return to the old style of city sets. I would love to see this sort of backdrop for a more realistic agents theme... I also liked that most of the figs in this set were easier to merge into other (non-super) uses... Thanks for the review! God Bless, Nathan'], [1, 'Another great review Oky. I love this set.'], [1, 'Hi again! They have arrived *wub*! They come dismantled inside the package instead of one piece like the Blackhole Stormtrooper did. They have the head and SW-sign made with magnets to clip on to the torso. It actually works even if it feels a bit "cheapish". Here?s some pictures - Mr Vader goes first *vader*: Package Pieces Stormie: Package Pieces My collection so far >:-) : Here?s the Blackhole Stormtrooper review. Boba Fett & Luke Maquette On copmike'], [1, "Super-cool! Any text on the boxes of these ones? The Stormie's left arm seems really long and slightly odd, but that's just because I'm jealous you've got one. :-D Shorter than I was expecting though. Dr. S."], [1, "Ooh, I want one. I don't care which but I want one. Perhaps *vader* ... Thanks for the pics."], [1, 'Doctor Sinister, on Sep 23 2007, 06:07 PM, said: Any text on the boxes of these ones? Your wish is my command >:-)! Front Darth Vader & Stormie Back Vader Back Stormie Enjoy On copmike'], [1, 'Thanks copmike! Dr. S.'], [0, 'The arms of the stormtrooper are a litle long I think.'], [1, 'Dam you copmike! I really wanted to just get my boba fett one of these and you go and tempt me with great pics of them all togeather. Must resist Ebay!! Must resist!!!! :-D'], [1, 'Great reviews Mike these are great I cant wait until you review the next! around how much were these and where did you get them? Bobskink, on Sep 23 2007, 08:02 PM, said: The arms of the stormtrooper are a litle long I think. your right Bob yet if they were not then the poor stormie would only be able to hold his blaster in one hand and not both. ;-)'], [1, 'casewindu, on Sep 23 2007, 08:19 PM, said: Great reviews Mike these are great I cant wait until you review the next! around how much were these and where did you get them? At www.starwars.com - this one is Boba. The sell for $65 each + shipping. Collection On copmike'], [0, 'Beautiful indeedily, and these magnets?ll allow at least a quick change of heads and probably some nice poseability.... *wub*'], [-1, 'Got some info about my Boba maquette yesterday >:-(: Quote Dear Mikael , Due to an unexpected delay by the vendor, the scheduled shipping date of the following pre-order item(s) has changed, the new ship date is as follows: SWLFLLMBF Exclusive LEGO Star Wars Boba Fett Maquette Ships Jan 2008 Well, I only ordered it ........... - Feb 17 2007 |-/!!! Sucks bigtime On copmike'], [0, 'Were did you get these? 8-?'], [0, 'Indy565, on Dec 16 2007, 05:34 AM, said: Were did you get these? 8-? Darth Vader & the Stormtrooper from StarWarsShop.com but they?re out of them now. Maquettes On copmike'], [-1, 'Indy, he most likely got them at starwars shop or lego.com.'], [1, "Hello everyone! By now many excited LEGO Star Wars fans have started receiving their UCS Falcon. Some of us here enjoy writing reviews and sharing our thoughts. I mentioned to Yoda that I was planning on doing a review of this set but it would likely take me a few weeks (of 1-2 hours per night) to finish building the set. Yoda suggested that I do the review as I go so everyone could see the progress of the set. What a great idea! So, here is the first entry. Feel free to comment along the way. I will try to post photos and updates every night on the build then wrap up the review when I complete the set. If you have any specific questions or photo requests, please be sure to ask. UCS Millennium Falcon Reviewed by Dunamis Set 10179 5195 Pieces $499.95 from LEGO Shop at home The Box: Obviously, this is a box like no other. First of all, it comes in its own shipping carton. Inside of that, there is a standard LEGO carton. Finally, inside the LEGO carton, we have the actual Millennium Falcon box and a nice little letter thanking you for buying the biggest LEGO set ever. Shipping box (Naboo set provided for scale) LEGO Carton and letter LEGO Carton The Millennium Falcon box is really quite nice. There are lots of photos and it does a good job of ?selling? the set. There are 8 individual pieces of tape that keep the lid on the box. The limited first edition comes with a seal on the lower left corner. Millennium Falcon Box (Naboo set provided for scale) Lifting the lid straight up reveals one compartment of several bags on the right. On the left, we find a thin, square box (like a pizza box) that contains the official certificate of authenticity, two sticker sheets and one enormous manual! Under the pizza box, we find two more compartments each filled with several typical LEGO bags. The box weighs 24 pounds! Stickers Pizza Box Pieces in compartments Not quite sure what the little 30th anniversary sticker is for yet. The Certificate of Authenticity is on heavy paper and is suitable for framing. More to come tomorrow. It's late here."], [1, "Good idea to make this review while you build the set. I'll be monitoring your progress and feedback. The box so huge! Impressive!"], [1, "Nice review. I'll be watching and waiting for the rest."], [1, 'Will follow this impatiently ;-) Really like the start of the review *y* You always seems to pull it of nicely, in comparission with the exasperating *yoda* X-D :-P Build On! Play On! On On!'], [1, "Many tks Dunamis for doing that, its really great and I can't wait monitoring your progress on the beast 8-? Like it was mentionned in another thread, the box looks less gigantic than I thought - remember the ISD box !! That was a huge box !! Is the instruction book in the pizza box ? How big is it ? I'm sure its really big and I hope for our sake that the colours are clearly marked X-D If you know what I mean :-D !! Tks againand I'm so looking forward to your next post !! Ras 74, on Sep 27 2007, 08:51 AM, said: You always seems to pull it of nicely, in comparission with the exasperating *yoda* X-D :-P what what what >:-( Have you stopped your medication once again X-D *yoda*"], [1, "Excellent beginning. Our numbers are very close, but I haven't the luxury of space to build it, so I'll be enjoying it by proxy through you. Enjoy! *y*"], [0, 'xwingyoda, on Sep 27 2007, 11:18 AM, said: what what what >:-( Have you stopped your medication once again X-D No actually I?m out of fly agaric. But now it?s that seasson to go out in the forest and refill the stock of those babys. Vikings On!!'], [0, 'Wow that box is big but i somehow thought it would be even bigger, still it looks like for once lego are actully using all the space inside and not just a fraction like with other sets. Cant wait to see more dunamis.....you lucky megablok ;-)'], [1, 'What a wonderful idea, and how nice from you.... *sweet* And.... Go, Killer, Go!!'], [1, 'Thats awesome man! Lucky that you got it! I want it so badly... and it has a huge box too! -ZotS'], [0, "xwingyoda, on Sep 27 2007, 09:18 AM, said: Many tks Dunamis for doing that, its really great and I can't wait monitoring your progress on the beast 8-? Like it was mentionned in another thread, the box looks less gigantic than I thought - remember the ISD box !! That was a huge box !! Is the instruction book in the pizza box ? How big is it ? I'm sure its really big and I hope for our sake that the colours are clearly marked X-D If you know what I mean :-D !! *yoda* Interesting question regarding the size of the box vs. the ISD. Here ya go: Also, I'll be posting more on the size of the manual a little later. I'm going to be building for the next few hours... *sweet*"], [-1, "Tks for that comparison pic Dunamis ;-) OK the box is big !! I pictured it a tad smaller though !! I know what I don't like, its the fact that it has the regular Lego Star Wars logo on top with Vader. UCS sets should have a different iconography like they did in the past. Sure its a trivial detail but it adds to the fact of owning something special !! After all its the most expensive set ever as of now ;-) Happy building !! And we'll wait patiently for some cool pics later on :-P *yoda*"], [1, "The Manual: The gigantic manual measures 17? x 12? and is almost an inch thick. It is spiral bound with a cardboard like front and back and it is 314 pages. Interesting decision not to break it up into multiple manuals. It is almost unwieldy at this size and thickness. Unfortunately, the manual is not available electronically from the LEGO website. Hopefully, it will be soon. Missing were the little instructions at the beginning telling you to not build this beast on shag carpet and to sort out the 5,000+ pieces before you get started. I guess they figure if you got $500 to spend on this thing, you can build it however you want. As usual, we get the regular LEGO manual features: - Piece call outs for each step - Parts inventory at the end of the manual - Page numbers - Photos of all the other 2007 sets at the end of the manual Manual (paperback book provided for scale) Various manual photos (8x8 plate provided for scale) I'm about 2 hours into building and sorting. I'm trying to stay a day ahead in my posting. The build has been easier than I thought so far. Despite the massive number of pieces, it has not been too hard to sort and find what you need. Build photos will start appearing in tomorrow's entry."], [0, 'Very expecting indeed. Waiting for your kind photo ... :-)'], [-1, "My gawd that manuel is huge!!!!! That's enough to put a sane man off of buying this set.......Thank gawd none of us are sane thats all i can say X-D Just how many technic pins does this monster need??? 8-? Judging by that one pic theres gotta be a lot in this set."], [1, "Wow I never thought I'd be impressed by a box but I certainly am now. Any chance of seeing all 5000 bricks in a big pile? Vader, on Sep 28 2007, 10:14 AM, said: My gawd that manuel is huge!!!!! That's enough to put a sane man off of buying this set.......Thank gawd none of us are sane thats all i can say X-D Too true, never had I imagined thinking about buying a ?350 Lego set before....Christmas is soo close yet soo far."], [1, 'Nice idea, reviewing the set while constructing it. This is the top of the bill for any lego-collector (also financially speaking..) and I like the look of all those thousands of pieces. The manual is incredible, I thought I had a really thick manual coming with set 8479, but this one exceeds it with ease... Review on!'], [0, "xwingyoda, on Sep 28 2007, 07:34 AM, said: Tks for that comparison pic Dunamis ;-) OK the box is big !! I pictured it a tad smaller though !! *yoda* I don't have the UCS ISD but from the pic i can see that it is about the same thickness, slightly shorter but much wider than the MF. So this leads me to believe that dimension-wise the UCS MF is more compact. Also, notice how in the content, the parts fit in just nice without additional spare space for anything else. Strange isn't it that when TLC is responsible for the shipping, we see optimum usage of box spaces. X-D imagine if all boxes were this efficient. $4.99 sets would be no bigger than a match box! X-D X-D the MTT would be reduced to 1/4 its current size! X-D X-D X-D"], [1, "good review. *y* Me, I can't build it before Saturday. :'-("], [1, 'Great review so far! I am looking forward to additional posts! As for the number of pins - from the Peeron inventory for the set, there are over 400 technic pins of various lengths! (insert the "my fingers hurt from building" emoticon) Keep the pictures coming!'], [1, "The Build: The build is going quicker than I thought. I am sorting as I open the bags that I need. Some bags are in multiples so it is easy to pick them out. The build is a tad repetitive as the framework of the ship is somewhat symmetrical. Here are some progress shots: Note that two plates (1x4 and 1x8) are stacked in between Technic beams. Then the part below is assembled to hold the structure together. This took about an hour of sorting and building: I'll post another update tomorrow."], [0, 'The Minifigs: As you can see, the minifigs are really nice. They even throw in an extra fleshie head! No doubt these will fetch quite a bit on the Bricklink and Ebay markets. I?m keeping mine. Continuing the Build This photo shows how well this model is put together. Notice that they use four of the three-hole beams per side to hold this together. I remember reading that you can hang this model from the ceiling. I don?t doubt it. These right angle Technic pieces are used to reinforce the structure of the model. You can see them used here: I was shocked at how many light gray plates are in this set. I have TWO tubs full of these: The infrastructure is now complete: I got hung up for about an hour looking for one of these: Turns out, LEGO gave me an extra left wedge and shorted me a right wedge. So frustrating! I had to stead one off my 6211 Star Destroyer. It is not a very common piece by the way?'], [1, 'Hey nice review, im up to about the same point as you (page 70 to be exact) , tho i didnt have that missing piece thankfully! I think lego have done a much better job at packing the lego this time, i remember it taking me much longer to find pieces on the UCS ISD build'], [0, "So I see they even do mistakes on these |-/ That beast looks really sturdy !! That is great !! Are these yellow parts new ? I am not a Technic fan and never saw these before. Another question for you: is the instruction book easy to follow, especially regarding the colours. Does the black rally stands out comparing to the dark bley and so on ? I sure hope so ;-) Can't wait to see moer hehe *yoda*"], [0, 'xwingyoda, on Sep 30 2007, 11:57 AM, said: Are these yellow parts new ? I am not a Technic fan and never saw these before. You don?t have the building crane 7905 either? Same color, same shape there: piece no. 32555 (four of them included) I assume you?re not a town fan? :-P ;-)'], [1, 'I have been taking photos for this review for a few months and I finally took the rest of the photos last night. All the parts. If you want tan, this is the set to get! Main model. The garage is a great addition... ...but the car only just fits! The main house is very nice looking. The windows extend to the sides... ...but not the back. The chimney and drainage work very well, and I love the "basement". I think the front works very well. When I was making this I was multitasking doing weight training; do a set, do a step, do a set... and I ended up missing one of the row paths. I discovered this after I finished the basement. :-| The removable roof reveals BYO floors. Probably why this is called a Model house! The roof was quite interesting to build. This is my first large house set so it all was very new to me. I love the garage door. More nice pipework. This photo I mis-focused but there isn\'t much to see anyway! The door is a nice touch. The grill to the right on both sides is not just decoration as it hides the hinges for the door. I also made one of the sub-models. I was considering keeping this but I decided against it. Once again the sides have windows... but the back doesn\'t. The truck is there to make the photo more worthwhile! The roof to this one doesn\'t come off easily as all the tiles are used for the front. Just to clarify; these houses aren\'t attached so you can arrange them however you want. The fronts are quite elaborate and it seems that Lego were trying to make this almost like a simpler market street. The truck is too small for a minifig... ...but it probably was my favourite car. Thoughts I highly recommend this set. In most countries it is good value for money, including Australia. The design is excellent and three instructions are included. (The third is a school. If anyone has made it and wants to post photos feel free! At least one person at EB has made it.) I love how each house has its own car. Due to the way the primary model is made it is a bit weak at the corner, but that was a design choice. My only real complaint about this set is how Lego is going though a mould transition and thus some roof slopes are rough, others are smooth. I can accept either, and Lego has been moving to smooth slopes for years now, but to have a set with about 50/50 is annoying. (The MTT was the same.) But that is my only gripe with this excellent set. *wub*'], [1, "Thanks for the review, and tons of pics! I've been wanting to pick this one up since I saw it. I thought the 4956 Creator House was nice, but this Model Town House is in a completely different league! I also like the alternate models that you can see in the catalogues."], [0, 'Thank you for the review Sinner. At first I wanted this set for the 4 blue 1x1 slope tiles, but I can see there is much more into it than that. It sure is a great value compared to what you get in the Building Bonanzas (no cars and less detail). It was funny to see the little side story in your pictures. Would it be hard to modify the cars to fit minifigs better?'], [1, "A beautiful and humorous review with very fine pics. *y* A fantastic set, full of neat details and in a wonderful color scheme. Great for every City builder for sure. I guess we waited for sets like that. We dreamed about them. I?m glad we got them now. :'-) EDIT: Congrats! It seems you?ve got your bucket back.... :-P"], [0, 'I found the use of parts well done by the designers. I made a car and then tried to make a house from a different instruction book. I could not as several pieces were already used in the car. Nice to see them using all the parts like that rather than having a lot of "extra" bits. Moral of the story: one instruction book at a time. *sweet*'], [0, 'Lasse D, on Sep 28 2007, 08:03 AM, said: It sure is a great value compared to what you get in the Building Bonanzas (no cars and less detail). I was all for the white house until I saw this set. I still wouldn\'t mind it though. :-D Lasse D, on Sep 28 2007, 08:03 AM, said: Would it be hard to modify the cars to fit minifigs better? The problem with the blue truck is a lack of headroom. However the truck is quite low and I can\'t see it being too hard to change and still have it looking good. Asuka, on Sep 28 2007, 08:30 AM, said: Great for every City builder for sure. I guess we waited for sets like that. We dreamed about them. I?m glad we got them now. :\'-) I think Lego were really listening with this years creator sets. *wub* With the exception of the ferris wheel. they are all sets that you could buy 10 of and not have too many hard to use parts. Asuka, on Sep 28 2007, 08:30 AM, said: EDIT: Congrats! It seems you?ve got your bucket back.... :-P Well, in this reality anyway! X-D Who knows what goes on in the "Wacker and Walrus" world but I do seem to be a tormented soul. :\'-('], [1, 'Awesome review! Luckily you have two cute little friends and one beautiful lady to help you out! :-P I likewise love *wub* this set and your review does it credit! I laughed outloud a lot as I read it. I especially love you trying to look through the windowless back :-D :-D :-D Great job, now sort that out and start building for our competition! X-D'], [1, "Excellent review with great pics and cameo appearances by some of our EB favs *y* Definitely a set that was on my 'to get' list already, and this only confirms that. Might make me want two, just because I love tan so much and I'd like to see if something could be done to bulk up that car. Great job as always! :-)"], [1, 'Thank you very much for the review Sinner. I definitly *wub* this set. This will make a great addition for us "Townies". I thought the size was too small. I plan to make my house fit practically the whole baseplate. Plus I will definitly add floors, that looked :-D . I can\'t believe TLC skimped on the floors.'], [1, 'Thanks for this review Sinner! I love this house, with the nicely made tiled corners, the colorscheme and the garage. The only thing I dislike about this set is the way the windows are attached in train windows (so they turn inwards a little) instead of the usual frames with shutter-attachment-ability. But that is something that can be fixed in the blink of an eye. I will certainly buy this house some day when I find it at reasonable price.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review Sinner! *y* ... although we had a not very detailed one already... :-P I bought this set at TRU with 20% off resulting in 54?. X-D Definitely a must buy for every townie. You get tons of useful parts to build other buildings as well. [shameless self-promotion /OFF] ;-) You have to love tan bricks though. 8-| MOC ON!'], [-1, 'I too have bought this set and the only thing I notice which is a bit odd, with the exception of there being no floors in the house is the lack of a steering wheel in the car!'], [1, "Thanks for the review Sinner! I definitely want this set now. The mixed rough and smooth roof bricks would annoy me on a model like the MTT, but here it looks as is if the roof is quite old with some parts being worn and pitted and some parts being replaced with new roof tiles. I quite like the effect. I agree on which is the best vehicle, and if it doesn't fit minifigs, just mod the heck out of it! X-D"], [0, "Thanks for the thanks guys! *sweet* hinckley39, on Sep 28 2007, 11:08 AM, said: Great job, now sort that out and start building for our competition! X-D I started building today! *sweet* MatthewUSA, on Sep 28 2007, 03:56 PM, said: I can't believe TLC skimped on the floors. It didn't bother me as I downloaded the instructions prior to buying the set. I think it was a deliberate choice to make the house flashy looking but not very functional. Due to the cool looking corners it isn't very strong either; while breaking it I was reminded of a zip! :-P simonwillems, on Sep 28 2007, 06:53 PM, said: The only thing I dislike about this set is the way the windows are attached in train windows (so they turn inwards a little) instead of the usual frames with shutter-attachment-ability. These were my first windows like that and it surprised me. I wouldn't be surprised if Lego are trying to phase out the old windows. Holodoc, on Sep 28 2007, 07:58 PM, said: Thanks for the review Sinner! *y* ... although we had a not very detailed one already... :-P I notice that, but since didn't show what the original set looked like I saw that more of a MOC. 8-| Holodoc, on Sep 28 2007, 07:58 PM, said: You get tons of useful parts to build other buildings as well. [shameless self-promotion /OFF] ;-) I was actually considering adding a link to your MOC anyway. Thanks! :-P paul_delahaye, on Sep 29 2007, 07:38 AM, said: I too have bought this set and the only thing I notice which is a bit odd, with the exception of there being no floors in the house is the lack of a steering wheel in the car! Once again, I think this is just a sign of all style, no substance! :-D PaulC, on Sep 29 2007, 05:19 PM, said: The mixed rough and smooth roof bricks would annoy me on a model like the MTT, but here it looks as is if the roof is quite old with some parts being worn and pitted and some parts being replaced with new roof tiles. I quite like the effect. Fair point. What confuses me though is the (CG) cover has the rough ones shown... :-|"], [1, 'Sinner. You have convinced me. I bought this set yesterday when it was on sale at International LEGO weekend in Sk?rb?k.'], [1, 'Sweet! Looks like an awesome set. I might get it, I have to see. Looks like it has a lot of good parts. -ZotS'], [1, "Thank you for the nice review. I want this set too with al those tan bricks and black slopes and the cute blue car *wub* I like the old windows more, I hope they don't stop producing them"], [1, 'Sinner, thanks for this outstanding review! I am glad that I had read this review in advance, before making my purchase on this set earlier with my girlfriend. We built this set for a total of 3 hours, to complete this beauty, in about 2 hours ago. There are stars circling around my head at this very moment, when I post this reply. I must admit from the bottom of my heart, that this is an wonderful piece of house, that simply shows the beauty of it, with the European kind of houses, where there is a garage. Furthermore, there is a lovely blue car. I am seeing stars right now, in the middle of the night, and I must drop a thanks to you personally as well. Although it is empty from its interior unlike the 4996 Beach House, but this set has the majestic look which simply place a "Wow" factor in front of it upon completion. At the moment, we had plans for getting the second set next month, to build the other design as well. Hopefully, I will be able to share with you guys, all of my different Creators sets, with its alternate designs as well in the near future.'], [0, 'HELLO TO ALL! Article: 42032 Number of pcs: 252 Year: 2015 SRP: $19.99 USD/14,99 €/£14.99/$24.99 AUD/369 UAH/999 rub Box. Like in other sets starting from 2014, the box have special background for the set. Opening... Contents. Sticker sheet Instructions Bags and lose parts Lose parts - bucket and two white beams 15 length. Bags and pieces: Building process Spoiler Leftovers: Loader. It is 18 ?? length, 9 ?? width and 21 ?? tall with raised hands and 9 ?? with hands down. Functions. Function first - moving of hands. Functions second and third - moving of bucket and fork. Cabin. There are no doors. But there is a controle panel made of stickers. Levers can be moved. Conclusion: Pluses: +Number of pieces +Nice functions Minuses: His for each other. THE END Edited by dimaks13, 18 October 2015 - 07:27 PM.'], [1, 'Nice pictorial review, I always like this little set ! A little more text would have been nice but that is ok as it is . PS: You should have mentioned in the title that this topic is picture heavy - I was wondering why it was loading so slow on my mobile'], [0, "Hi, You've done well on the pictures! But I agree with Freekysch; a little more text would be great. Ever thought about joining the Reviewer's Academy?"], [0, "Thanks for comments. I know about text, I'm trying to write more, but haven't succes in this yet. I thought about joining Reviewers Academy, but I'm not sure because I have only maimum 4(may be 5) hours each time when I can make review or something that needs some hours."], [0, 'Writing a decent review will indeed take some time. But you don\'t need to do it in a single session. If "each time" is 4/5 hours, you can write a review in 2 x "each time"'], [1, 'i actually bought this set last Monday as it was reduced to 14.99.....it actually not a bad little set considering the size and part count, has a decent array of functions. its a nice little set....the B model looks just as good so i might buy a second set, as you get the bucket left over and i need that bucket for another set. Edited by Richard Dower, 19 October 2015 - 04:42 PM.'], [1, 'Remember when I said in my review of 7090 to expect a review after I went to ToysRus? Well, somehow things didn?t work out, but fortunately I?m finally reviewing my latest purchases, starting with 7091 Catapault Defense, which happens to be one of the best sets in the Castle line. The Box and Instructions: Lego box art is at it?s highest point ever these days, with lots of special effects and great action poses. The castle theme is no exception, and 7091 isn?t either. I?ll let the box speak for itself: I love the back of the castle boxes as well, since they give another action scene and other neat info like a layout of all the accessories. The Contents: Only the bare essentials as usual: piece bags and instructions. I seriously wish they still put mini catalogs inside sets like they did when I was young, but I guess they are too expensive to make or something. Ah well, can?t have everything. No picture of the instructions this time, but since that isn?t necessary I?ll just say that they are fine, and do not have a problem with distinguishing dark gray from black. The Pieces: Here?s your basic shot of every piece included, minus a few extra pieces like an extra Viking horn and black skeleton leg. Not too shabby for a 10 USD set. There?s a lot of nice pieces in 7091, as you can see (and this doesn?t include the accessories or minifig parts!). The brown plates, wheels, and spoked things are always useful, and the dark blue and gold slopes are really cool. However, there?s also a fair amount of technic in here, so be warry. As usual for the castle line, 7091 has a heaping helping of accessories. Most of them are old pieces recolored, but the ball on chain (what?s the actual name, could someone tell me?) and the shields are brand new. I actually like the new skeleton weapon, since it?s fairly detailed and was really the only way TLC could make a part like that. And yes, the shields ARE printed (quite nicely too, if I do say so myself). Plus, you get Viking horns (always useful to have), a grey boulder, a basket, and 3 helmets. Not a half bad deal, eh? Oh, who am I kidding ? it?s awesome! Minifigures: Ah yes, one of the highlights of any castle set. You get 2 soldiers and 2 skellies this time, all with different weapons. The two soldiers are just regular Crown troops with different faces ? nothing special, except that they are awesome anyway. The skeletons on the other hand are much more interesting: an archer and a black skellie! Archers cool, of course, but I know many don?t like the printing on the black skeletons. Well, let me say that I don?t mind it so much. The only real problem is that the eyes are dark red instead of just red, which makes the printing a bit less noticeable. And I?ve been through it before that the new skeleton molds in general don?t bother me at all ? go skeletons! The Finished Set: Alright, there?s two builds in this set, and I?ll start with the smaller: the skeleton barricade. Okay, so it?s nothing special, but it?s cool all the less. The shield on the front and the slanted spears are nice touches. Here?s just how the skeletons can tower over their own barricade: with a little step. Ah, the catapault. The lovely catapault. Seriously, I love TLC?s design. Very effective, and also very realistic, especially compared to KK. Love the side details and the swiveling base, and you gotta love the clever use of that basket. Playability: Yes, I?ve made it a tradition now to write stories for any castle set I buy (and this isn?t the last one, you can be sure of that!). Here?s one featuring everything in 7901: Oh, and here?s a small ship I made out of all the pieces in this set plus a couple extra figures and weapons from my copy of 7901. Not half bad, IMO, considering what I had to work with. Overall Rating: Presentation: 9/10 Pieces: 8/10 Minifigures: 9/10 Finished model: 9/10 Playability: 8/10 ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Final Score: 8.6/10 Once again, I highly recommend the reviewed set. Castle is possibly the best theme this year, and this set is one of many that prove it. As with all castle sets, it?s best if you buy several if you want to truly enjoy it, but this set alone is also impressive in both design and pieces and minifigures. Get at least one if you have even a slight liking for Castle. Edited by KimT, 10 August 2008 - 01:31 PM.'], [1, "Very nice review! Seems like I'll be getting my first Castle set soon.. *wub* Grevious, on Oct 10 2007, 09:33 PM, said: Most of them are old pieces recolored, but the ball on chain (what’s the actual name, could someone tell me?) That would be a flail. ;-)"], [1, 'Wow thanks for the review! 8-? I already have the other two set (theyre fantastic *wub* ) and i know ill be getting this one soon! DP8'], [1, "Very nice review! I like the amount of pics and that alternate model. I wouldn't have thought of making a ship from those parts, I once made a larger, Crownie-ized skellie barrier instead."], [1, 'A very nice review with good, although perhaps a little too big, pictures.... *y* Now I realized that this catapult?s able to swivel, that?s neat, thank you! X-D'], [1, 'The pictures really tell all, nice review Grevious! I especially liked the story, great sense of humor!'], [1, 'Thanks for this nice review. Nice comics presentation, too. *sweet* Makes me want to get some new Castle sets even harder, now. :-$'], [1, 'Thanks for the review Grevious! I already have this set, but I loved your comic and that nice alternate model! *y* TTFN! >:-)'], [1, 'That was a fun review, I picked up a couple of these on holiday in France and it was one of the main reasons I went all-out and bought the rest of the Castle range! Dr. S.'], [1, 'So far of this line i have 7009 and 7090 you have now convinced me to get this one also nice review btw i think the name for it is mace'], [1, 'Great review Grevious!! *sweet* *y* Nice job, thanks for sharing. Great comic and I especially love that you gave us an alternative model, something LEGO neglects to do anymore... |-/ Thanks again! *wub*'], [1, "That's a superb review if I ever saw one, and another great story! *y* It's a good review even though I got the set 4 months ago. :-P This just reinforces my like for it. :-P"], [1, 'Thanks for the review, the comic was great! :-D Your alternate model is great as well, I would never have thought of building a ship out of a catapult! :-P'], [1, "Great review, this is one of my favorite sets from the new castle line. It's simple and yet so effective, oh and great comic you have there *y*"], [1, 'Excellent review! Showed everything in detail then added a fun twist at the end. Another set I pretty much knew I needed to buy is confirmed. *y*'], [1, "nice review *y* the comic is very funny :-D i don't have this set 8-| but i'm going to buy it soon."], [1, "Thanks everyone for all the comments! ;-) My next review is most likely going to be the Toa Mahri I bought a long time ago; I also typed up a review for her but haven't bothered posting it! Ah well, I'll get it up eventually.... X-D Edit: Gah! I just realized how many posts I had! Better post something else on the boards quickly.... :-P Edited by Grevious, 11 October 2007 - 08:45 PM."], [1, 'LOL what a review!!! I love the story ^_^'], [1, "Ah yes, the good ol' Catapult Attack. Nice review, and what a great comic, I loved it. *y* :-D You've inspired me, all I need now is a camera! :-P Great job, keep up the good work, and I'm looking forward to more reviews! *y* ~Peace Edited by iamded, 12 October 2007 - 10:30 AM."], [1, 'nice review, I like this set alot. *y* :-)'], [1, "Great review! *sweet* I wasn't aware that the catapult rotated either... This set isn't on my buy list though as it is all more of the same for me. Thanks for the cool MOC! :-D I always plan to add a MOC to my reviews but I always run out of time.... :'-("], [1, "Sinner, on Oct 13 2007, 02:48 AM, said: Great review! *sweet* I wasn't aware that the catapult rotated either... This set isn't on my buy list though as it is all more of the same for me. Thanks for the cool MOC! :-D I always plan to add a MOC to my reviews but I always run out of time.... :'-( True, there are too many catapults already, and in my opinion some with a better design as well. But my lack of interest in this particular set doesn't reflect at all on my opinion of this review, which I enjoyed very much! Please continue making great reviews like this one Grevious. *y*"], [1, 'i just got this today. It is amazing like my other two castle sets: the joust and the crossbow. I am currently starting to save for 2008 but for Christmas i think i want the Skeleton Carridge and the Naboo N-1 Fighter.'], [1, 'It\'s that time of year again when the days get shorter, the nights get colder, and children all around the world stare longingly into warmly lit toy shops and prepare their wishlist to send to Santa. This is also the time when The Lego Group releases their latest Winter Village set which has been an annual tradition for the past seven years. These sets have been very popular, especially among AFOLs, and are always highly anticipated. However, while some entries in this series have been more popular than others, none has been as controversial as this year\'s set, the Winter Toy Shop, which is a re-release of the first Winter Village set, 10199 Winter Toy Shop from 2009. It seems that many think that this set didn\'t need to be remade and would have preferred a new set instead, or that it is not different enough from the original and will be redundant in a completionist\'s collection. Does it deserve all the hate? Let\'s find out. Disclaimer: I don\'t own the 2009 version, so I can\'t compare them visually, but I will do my best to let you know what is different in this version. If you do need a visual reference, you can refer to Svelte\'s excellent review of the original. Set Number: 10249 Name: Winter Toy Shop Theme: Creator Year of Release: 2015 Pieces: 898 Minifigs: 8 Price: £59.99 / $79.99 / 69.99€ S@H description: Quote Welcome to the Winter Toy Shop! The holiday season has arrived and the toymaker is busy finishing off his latest creations! Outside, children ski and snowboard, and a freshly built snowman sparkles in the light that shines from the toyshop tower. Help decorate the huge tree that stands at the center of the square, play with the curious kitten on the cozy wooden bench or join in with the carolers beneath the ornate streetlamp. This charming set also features a ladder, trees in various sizes, jack-in-the-box, a toy biplane, helicopter, rocket, train, race car, truck, robot, tugboat, teddy bear and a wrapped gift. Have fun building this enchanting winter wonderland! Includes a snowman and 8 minifigures with assorted accessories: a male caroler, female caroler, a woman, 2 men, 2 boys and a girl. S@H Bricklink Brickset The Box The box art of this set is similar to that of the original, but there are some notable differences. The Christmas tree is on the right side of the image this time while the park bench is on the left and of course it features this year\'s design for Creator boxes with the dark blue stripe along the right side and the "Expert" logo in the top right corner. There\'s also a small picture of the back of the toy shop and the background looks less cartoony than on the original. The back is also very similar, showing a different angle of the toy shop along with some close-ups, although this time there is no minifig lineup. Instead, the minifig lineup is on the right side of the box. It also includes the accessories that each minifig comes with and some of the toys. On the left side of the box there is a thumbnail of the box art and the set name in six different languages. They also want to make sure that you know that there are batteries included by saying it in dozens of languages. The top of the box features the inventory and a 1:1 scale reference with the female caroler. On the bottom there is a picture that reminds you that there is a light brick included in this set, in case that wasn\'t clear from the front of the box, and it confirms that yes, it is a bad idea to put it in water, in case you were planning to go swimming with your Winter Toy Shop. The Contents Inside the box there are two instruction booklets and two groups of bags, one for each instruction booklet. While two groups of bags is not as many as there usually are in other sets of this size, it\'s still better than the first version of this set where the bags weren\'t numbered at all, so this makes the build a bit easier. The large bag in Group 1 and the two large bags in Group 2 have a white stripe going down the middle of the bag and only have one group number printed on it along with some other number and some kind of scan code. I have no idea why they made this distinction for these bags or what that code is for, so if any of you know the purpose of this, please let me know in the comments below. Here is a random instructions page. As you can see, the building steps can get quite challenging as they sometimes include many different pieces in one step, especially when it uses a lot of brown pieces which are very dark and hard to see in the instructions, living up to the set\'s status as an expert-level set. Most of the time, though, the instructions are pretty clear and easy enough to follow. There are some parts in new colors in this set that weren\'t in the first version or any other set until now, such as that large, flat Technic arch in dark green, the jester hat in orange and blue, one of those new 2z2 round jumper tiles in brown, a golden frog(!), and a snowboard in dark blue. There are also some rare Friends parts that make their Creator debut here such as the skis in azure and that new clear 1x1 round tile with a tiny tube coming out of it which is usually used as a stand for Friends accessories and is a very useful piece, especially for SNOT techniques (and no, I\'m not talking about the type of snot that many people usually have stuck in their nose around this time of year). There are some printed parts as well, such as the clock tile, the letter tile, and the register slope like in the first version of the set. We also get a new face print for the white cat which is more in line with other modern cat designs. But the best part is the shop sign which is printed this time around. It features a lovely wood pattern, the words "toy shop", and a toy soldier on both sides of the sign. Which is ironic since the shop doesn\'t seem to sell any toy soldiers like this, but it looks so good on the sign that I won\'t sue them for false advertising. The Minifigs Let\'s start with the most unique figures in this set, the carolers. These two were also the highlight in the first version of the set, but in the original they both had the same head (this one -> ) which featured a very questionable facial expression that could easily be taken out of context. In this version, they have unique faces which look much better and help distinguish their gender. The male caroler uses Lord Vampyre\'s torso which looks quite snazzy on him. Maybe this is Lord Vampyre before he became a vampire? The female caroler is easily the best minifig in the set, though, because in addition to her exclusive head, she also gets an exclusive torso and skirt print! A huge improvement over the generic unprinted one in the original. She also gets the queen hair in dark brown and Aragorn\'s lined cape instead of two combined regular capes. This set truly is the Return of the Queen! The snowman is technically not a minifig, but as you can see here, he is exactly as tall as one and he is the first thing you build after the minifigs, so I included him here. He has mostly the same design as before, except this time he has robot claws for arms instead of levers. Which is good since they allow him to hold accessories such as his broom. His carrot nose is included separately again. The carolers both have back printing while the snowman looks no different from the back than he does from the front. Here you can see the black side of the female\'s cape. This lined cape is so much nicer than the solution they used in the original. Next up we have what I assume is a married couple who are likely the parents of at least one of the kids, as well as the toymaker who I will call Geppetto. The man in the pinstripe suit was not included in the first version of the set, so he\'s a bonus minifig! These guys are fairly generic, but they have some detailed torso prints, so they look pretty nice. Geppetto seems to have gotten younger since the release of the original set since his gray hair has now turned dark tan and he doesn\'t seem to need glasses anymore. The men both have back printing, but the woman is the only one in this set who doesn\'t get a back print. Why you gotta be so discriminating against women, LEGO?! Last but not least, there are the kids. One of the boys wears dark blue pants, a green jacket, and a wool cap. He looks a bit like a lumberjack, so let\'s call him lumberjack boy, or Jack for short. The little girl wears an outfit that wouldn\'t look out of place in the Friends theme with a lavender scarf and pants. I\'ll call her Lavender. The second boy is wearing an Octan jacket and a sports helmet which makes it ironic that he is the one not doing any winter sports on the box art. I\'ll call him President Business Junior, or PBJ for short. All of the kids have fairly detailed back printing which makes up for the fact that much like the adults, they are made out of mostly common parts. PBJ\'s helmet and scarf cover up the back of his head nicely which is important as you will see in the next picture. What\'s also great about these figs is that half of them have a double-sided head. Here you can see PBJ doing his best Macaulay Culkin impression. I also removed his scarf so you can see the printing on his torso better. But he\'s not the only one who seems to be easily scared. The mother also has a very alarmed expression. Maybe she got surprised by the Jack-in-the-box or maybe she just realized how expensive toys are nowadays. You can see the female caroler\'s back printing here. Her alternate expression is a non-singing face which is very nice to have and I wish the male caroler could have one too. She looks quite cute with those rosy cheeks. But the most adorable out of all of them has to be the little girl. She comes with a pouting sad face that will melt your heart. Please, don\'t cry! I\'ll buy you any toy you want, just stop looking at me like that! The Build The first half of the build is dedicated to the surroundings of the toy shop. It includes the Christmas tree, the park bench, the snowman, the toys, the carolers, Jack and Lavender. The large bag contains two smaller bags with small pieces, a white box that contains the caroler\'s cape, and the jester hat in its own little bag. The first thing you build after the minifigs and the snowman is the toys. This version of the set has a lot more toys than the original which is good because I always felt that the first Toy Shop was a bit light on toys. Also, the ones that were in the original have been updated. For example, instead of the two pairs of skis, you now get one pair of skis that use the new ski mold and a snowboard. The Jack-in-the-box is mostly the same, except it now has an orange and blue color scheme instead of the red and blue from the original. This change was probably not necessary, but hey, at least we get a new jester hat out of it. And instead of the brick-built teddy bear you get the new teddy bear mold. I have mixed feelings about this change because I actually kinda liked the brick-built teddy design and using a specialized mold seems to be going against the spirit of Creator sets, but on the other hand I can\'t deny that the molded teddy looks better than the blocky old one. Meh. The new toys include a tugboat which has some rounded Technic pieces as its hull, a biplane, a rocket, a helicopter, and a truck that cleverly uses roller skates for its wheels. These are all quite brilliant designs that feel like micro versions of Lego City sets and make a great addition to the set. Here is a back view of some of the more complex models. As you can see, the Friends accessory stand has been cleverly used to hold the biplane\'s fin in place and to provide a stand for the helicopter. The Jack-in-the-box has a hinged lid. The only thing that bugs me a bit is the T-piece on top of the helicopter that holds the rotor in place, but I can\'t think of any better way they could have done it. Next is the ladder that is used to decorate the tree which is exactly the same as the first version. The supports are on a click-hinge, so they can be adjusted or folded away. Then, you build the tree itself. You begins, of course, with the stand which is mostly the same design as before, but this time the plates at the bottom are brown instead of white and have golden studs as feet. Next, you build the first layer of branches. The main difference in this version of the tree is that this one actually has a brown stem rather than just a Technic axle on which you stack the layers of branches one by one. You wont be able to see the stem in the final result, but I like this change as it makes the tree more realistic. Then you add the second layer of branches. This one doesn\'t have lights/candles and attaches to the lower layer at an angle using the four trans-yellow studs close to the stem. The third layer is added. This one has lights again. Each layer is similar in that they are all made out of green plates that are built around a 4x4 ring plate, but they get smaller each time and are constructed differently enough for the build not to feel repetitive. With the addition of the fourth layer, we get close to finishing the tree. Lastly, you add one more layer and the tip of the tree. Now it\'s time to decorate the tree! However, it\'s not as fun as it sounds since that requires you to add lights to the two chains/ropes first which can get a bit repetitive. The clips holding the lights to the chain were white, but this time they\'re pearl gold which looks much nicer in my opinion. The next part of the build is the park bench with the streetlamp and the little tree. This is a fairly quick build with not much to it. The fishbowl helmet parts are a useful piece that you don\'t see too often, so it\'s nice to get them again in this remake. The design is pretty much the same as in the original set except for the wreaths on the streetlamp which use a green life preserver instead of a round 2x2 plate. This is another instance where they use a specialized piece instead of a brick-built solution, but I\'m okay with that because unlike with the teddy bear, this part was not originally intended to be a wreath, so it\'s still nice part usage. The second half of the build is dedicated to the toy shop itself and includes the couple, Geppetto, and PBJ. Please note that there is a fourth 6x10 plate burried under the parts. You begin by tiling the floor, setting up the walls, and adding the interior items such as the fireplace, the cash register, and the toy displays. Next, you add the walls, windows, and the door and the ground floor of the shop is finished. So far, the build is the same as the old toy shop, except this time they decided to have the white stripes on the marquees be the longer ones instead of the dark red ones for some reason. I don\'t know why they did this and kinda would have preverred to get dark red 1x1 plates instead of white, but it doesn\'t detract from the look of the shop, so I don\'t really care. Now we begin with the upper floor. This is where things start to look a little different. Can you tell the difference? The difference is that this time they attach the roof using clip-hinges instead of bulky Technic constructions which gives you more space on this floor and allows it to look more like an actual attic. They even tile the floor next to the frog clock. Aftter adding the roof, the build is finished. The main roof feels a bit loose since it\'s only attached to the building by one side. I\'m not sure if this was an issue in the old toy shop, but it\'s not a big deal. I just wouldn\'t pick the set up by the roof. What I do like is that they used double cheese slopes on the awning on the outer wall of the tower instead of singles which makes it a bit easier to build. I like how the supports under the tower roof now match those of the main roof. The wreaths have also been updated like the ones on the streetlamp. And those Technic arches under the roof look a lot more like garlands now. On the original, they were dark gray, so I didn\'t even know they were supposed to be garlands and assumed they were part of the architecture. The shop sign looks a lot better now that it is printed. The old one just looked like a white flag. I also like how the small plates under the marquee give it a wavy look and they included two trees in different sizes on the right side of the shop. The back is nice and open and allows you to see the rest of the toys, the robot, train, and race car, all of which have just as much of a simple and clever design as the other toys. The clock looks much nicer with the new golden frog. Because golden frogs make everything better. Spare Parts There are quite a few small parts left over, including a roller skate and one of those Friends accessory stands which will come in handy. The Complete Set Here you can see the full set together. It looks quite nice and festive with all the little details and there are many scenes that you can play out with it: You can have the minifigs decorate the tree, have the kids play in the snow, have the carolers sing by the bench, have the toymaker build some toys in his workshop, or have the parents buy presents for their kids. It\'s a festive, toy-filled Winter Wonderland! The fireplace looks cozy and I like the brick pattern going up the chimney. The entrance of the shop looks a bit empty aside from the cash register. I feel like they could have displayed some more toys here, but oh well. Being a set targeted at teens and adults, there aren\'t really any play features aside from the light brick which is attached to a hinge, so you can either activate it by pressing the button with your finger or tilting the brick upward so that the button is pressed against the roof. However, since the roof is not connected in the middle and only attached on the sides, it tends to split open a bit when you do that, so I\'m not sure if attaching the roof this way here was such a good idea. Nevertheless, it looks quite nice when the light is lit. Ratings Design: 5/5 - This set is as gorgeous as it was back in 2009! The small updates that they made are mostly good ones, although the absence of a brick-built teddy is a bit disappointing and the new way the roof is attached, while not as bulky as before, makes the roof slightly unstable, but those are just nitpicks. Build: 5/5 - There are some interesting building techniques here, such as those on the tree, the roof, and the toys. The fact that the parts are only split into two groups and the part callouts can get fairly complex makes it a challenging, enjoyable build. Minifigs: 5/5 - They did a great job updating the figs in this set. While only 3 of the torsos in the original had any printing, all of the torsos have printing front and back in this set, even the skirt and cape of the female caroler. You get two exclusive heads and half of the heads are double-sided, plus you get 8 instead of 7 minifigs. You really can\'t ask for more in a Creator set. Playability: 4/5 - This set is more meant to be displayed than to be played with, but there are plenty of things to play with if you want. All the different minifigs, accessories, and set pieces make for endless possibilities for play. It\'s especially fun to swoosh the micro vehicles around. Parts: 3/5 - There are lots of good parts here. Most of them are fairly common, but there are some rare parts and some even in exclusive colors. Price: 4/5 - This set costs $20 more than the original, but considering that this set has nearly 900 pieces, including some rare and exclusive ones, as well as more minifigs with much better printing, I think $80 is still a fair price. Overall: 5/5 - So what\'s my opinion of this set? For a remake, I think it\'s great. They managed to make a good set even better. Are the changes minor? Yes. Are they an improvement? Mostly, yes. Were they necessary? Perhaps not, but it\'s good that they made them instead of just re-releasing the exact same set. So if you didn\'t get the first Winter Toy Shop, I can highly recommend getting this one. If you do already have the old version, this one might still be worth picking up for the hugely improved minifigs and rare parts alone. As for the controversy over re-releasing the Winter Toy Shop, I can see where the haters are coming from, but I find their complaints to be quite petty. I can understand if you\'re disappointed because you already have the first Winter Toy Shop and were looking forward to a new set this year, but there\'s always next year. If you\'re a completist and feel like TLG is forcing you to buy a set you don\'t need, you\'re wrong. Nobody is forcing you to buy anything but yourself. If you decide to buy every set in a theme no matter what it is, that\'s your problem, not LEGO\'s. So put down your torches and pitchforks and just be glad that they improved the set design and gave us another chance to buy this classic set. There are far worse things that can happen in this world than Lego re-releasing one of their most popular sets. Sorry for that little rant. So what is your opinion on re-releases like this? Please cast your vote in the poll above. I hope you enjoyed this special Eurobricks Reviewers Academy review and would like to thank The Lego Group for the opportunity to review this set. Happy Holidays everyone! Bat-Toys by Okay Yaramanoglu, on Flickr'], [1, 'Thanks for a great review first of all. I do like the upgrades and changes made from the original 2009 set, more colours and parts are offcourse available today than back in 2009. It does look like a great set and i would really realy have loved to get it myself if i had the funds. However their are so many other sets thats first priority for me this december and next year, so sadly i might have to pass on this if its not that i can get it redicioulusly cheap at some point. And yeah, we should appreciate that LEGO does keep sets coming, even if its just upgrades from earlier releases. Town is known for a new police and fire station every year, cant see why a new toyshop is so upsetting. Once again thanks for a great review. And happy holidays to you as well.'], [1, "Nice to see they finally updated that generic screaming face from the 2007 Castle line. Awesome review, Oky. I have the old set so I won't be picking this up."], [1, "Great review. You almost make me want to buy one. I don't know what it is with these sets. On the one hand they are so nicely designed and cute on the other side I never seriously consider buying one. I can't explain what it is that holds me back."], [0, "Great review! I just built the original, and this one has clear advantages over the original (though I wish Lego would stop putting torsos with defined breasts and curves on children). I really like pretty much every change. I won't be getting it, and I'd be lying if I said I'm not a little disappointed. For the first four years, my mother-in-law got me the new winter village set for Christmas; after the last two, which didn't really fit thematically in my display, I had hoped for a new one--particularly since my daughter is getting to be around the age where she can play with them. I mention her specifically because I've seen lots of people dismiss those who are a bit disappointed as rabid adults who don't care about kids getting cool sets, and I don't think that's fair. I may have to see how much some of the parts go for on Bricklink. The rerelease is better than the original, but not good enough that I'd want to spend $80 to get a set that's nearly identical to one I have. Edited by Tea Weevil, 29 November 2015 - 04:31 PM."], [0, "Hobbythom, on 29 November 2015 - 04:07 PM, said: Great review. You almost make me want to buy one. I don't know what it is with these sets. On the one hand they are so nicely designed and cute on the other side I never seriously consider buying one. I can't explain what it is that holds me back. A lack of money, maybe? That's the thing that usually holds me back. Anyway, I have the older version, so I am not interested in this set."], [0, "Great review, thanks Oky! IMO, the only significant improvements over the 2009 version are the figures, toys, and printed shop sign. As I already have the older one I'll have to give this one a pass."], [1, "Regarding the reason for the different designs on the inner bags, I think that the white stripe is the new version, with the non-stripe version being old. I suspect the reason some sets have both versions is simply that they're still using up some of their supply of older bags. Good review. I didn't realise there were quite as many changes as you highlighted (tree, roof etc)."], [-1, "Thanks for the excellent review! Unfortunately it only highlights how minimal the upgrades are (though they are nice). Definitively a pass for me. Let's hope LEGO does continue to make the more realistic winter village sets (versus Santa). I'm not opposed to a rehash, the post office could use some improvements for example, but this one is just a wee bit minimal."], [1, "I missed out on the first one, but I love the improvements made in this version, like the tree having an actual brown trunk so it looks less like an artificial one, and the carolers as well. I may pick this up, but I'm sorry to those of you who already have one."], [1, "I bought it and I'm very happy with it."], [0, 'Cheers for putting up the review. Some nice improvements, but not enough for me to pick it up. The original set is good enough for me. Pity the poll has no option "Yes, but only in addition to new sets, not in stead of new sets". Edited by Withacee, 01 December 2015 - 09:38 AM.'], [1, "Thanks for a nice review. I am building it as we speak, and I like it so far. Since I didn't have the old one, I can't complain."], [0, "Thanks for the review. They definitely improved upon the original, but since I already own the original, I can't justify this set also, unfortunately. It seems to be the trend. But I'm sure there are a lot of first timers out there too that will snatch this up since it is a really lovely building. And the updates make it better for sure."], [0, 'Thanks Oky for this fine review. I agreed with your sentiments on the unnecessary rants. I also owned the 2009 version and even though there are minor improvements. There must be a logical reason for its release again but is not entirely the same. I felt is an excellent opportunity for others to acquire this design especially after six years ago. As for myself, I will probably buy this if my spare funds allow me to own this set.'], [0, 'Oky, on 29 November 2015 - 11:45 AM, said: As for the controversy over re-releasing the Winter Toy Shop, I can see where the haters are coming from, but I find their complaints to be quite petty. I can understand if you\'re disappointed because you already have the first Winter Toy Shop and were looking forward to a new set this year, but there\'s always next year. If you\'re a completist and feel like TLG is forcing you to buy a set you don\'t need, you\'re wrong. Nobody is forcing you to buy anything but yourself. If you decide to buy every set in a theme no matter what it is, that\'s your problem, not LEGO\'s. So put down your torches and pitchforks and just be glad that they improved the set design and gave us another chance to buy this classic set. There are far worse things that can happen in this world than Lego re-releasing one of their most popular sets. Sorry for that little rant. So what is your opinion on re-releases like this? Please cast your vote in the poll above. After mocking people for holding a particular opinion, you then turn around and ask people to express their opinion?? No thanks. I guess I\'ll keep my opinions to myself. I certainly don\'t want to be labeled a "hater."'], [0, 'Thanks for the kind comments everyone! I like hearing your opinions on this set. Withacee, on 01 December 2015 - 09:37 AM, said: Pity the poll has no option "Yes, but only in addition to new sets, not in stead of new sets". I don\'t think that would be a realistic option as that would mean that they would have to spend twice the resources on this theme which I don\'t think they are ready to do, but if more people would like this option, I can add it to the poll. Joebot, on 01 December 2015 - 08:33 PM, said: After mocking people for holding a particular opinion, you then turn around and ask people to express their opinion?? No thanks. I guess I\'ll keep my opinions to myself. I certainly don\'t want to be labeled a "hater." I\'m not mocking anyone. I just think that some people need to calm down a bit and that TLG is getting more hate than they deserve for this set, but that\'s just my opinion and you\'re welcome to disagree with it. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, including you and me. And yes, I would love to hear your thoughts on this matter because I would like to have a friendly discussion on this subject.'], [0, "Oky, on 02 December 2015 - 12:49 AM, said: I don't think that would be a realistic option as that would mean that they would have to spend twice the resources on this theme which I don't think they are ready to do, but if more people would like this option, I can add it to the poll. I know, but one can always hope, can't one! I hope the WV theme will be continued in coming years with new sets, but given Santa's workshop and this re-release, I don't get my hopes up too much. Time to get MOCing and reverse engineering!"], [1, "I didn't own the original toy shop so I bought it this time around. I just finished building it Saturday and I love it! However, I wish they had both re-released this one AND came out with a new addition to the village. :)"], [0, 'Oky, on 02 December 2015 - 12:49 AM, said: I\'m not mocking anyone. I just think that some people need to calm down a bit and that TLG is getting more hate than they deserve for this set, but that\'s just my opinion and you\'re welcome to disagree with it. Everyone is entitled to their own opinion, including you and me. And yes, I would love to hear your thoughts on this matter because I would like to have a friendly discussion on this subject. That\'s cool, and I appreciate that. But, i would recommend avoiding the use of the word "hater" then. That\'s a perjorative term that\'s loaded with negative connotation, as I\'m sure you\'re well aware. It\'s the flipside to me calling you a "mindless fanboy" or a "corporate shill." Those aren\'t terms that invite friendly discussion. They shut down discussion by belitting the other person\'s opinion, and implying that they lack the maturity or intelligence to think critically. I don\'t actually care all that much about this set. You just hit on a pet peeve of mine, is all. And it\'s one that I see spreading throughout Eurobricks, which is a shame. The use of terms like "hater," "whiner," or "fanboy" are becoming much too prevalent around here.'], [1, "REVIEW - 42044 - DISPLAY TEAM JET INTRODUCTION The smallest of the 2016 sets, is the Display Team Jet. It doesn't seem to have lots of functionality, but maybe the landing gear is retractable. This set kind of reminds me to the 9394 - Jet Plane, although it's obviously a lot smaller. As you can read in my review of the 42052 - Heavy Lift Helicopter basically anything flying is +1 for me, so let's find out if this set also fits the bill. Note: All images can be clicked for hi-res versions. SET INFORMATION Number: 42044 Title: Display Team Jet Theme: Technic Released: 2016 Part Count: 113 Box Weight: 193 gr Box Dimensions: 15,4 cm x 13,8 cm x 5,9 cm Set Price (MSRP): € 9,99 Price per Part: € 0,088 Links: Brickset, Bricklink THE BOX Being a small set, it obviously comes in a small box. The Display Team Jet is an Aerobatics Jet, used in air shows. On the box it's flying rather high, but at least it's at a safe distance from the crowd. Front side shows the main model, together with a small section indicating you can use Digital Building instructions to build this model. BACK SIDE The back side shows the B-model, a Stunt Plane. And again a reference to the apps for Digital Building instructions. More on the Stunt Plane later. CONTENT OF THE BOX The box contains: 2 Instructions Booklets (A- and B-model) 1 Sticker Sheet 3 Technic Liftarms 2 Bags INSTRUCTION BOOKLETS Both the instructions for the A- and B-model are included in the box. STICKER SHEET A lot of stickers for such a small set. Apparently no panel is left untouched. LIFTARMS Three liftarms unsealed, nothing out of the ordinary for a small set. BAGS Two bags containing the rest of the parts. HIGHLIGHTED PARTS This section describes the new and/or otherwise interesting parts. YELLOW 5L AXLES The 5L Axle in Yellow has never been released before, so it's one of the new parts for this year. BLACK 7L FLEX AXLES For the layman this seems a common part, but the 7L Soft Axle actually has never been released in black before. Combined with the re-release of the 19L Soft Axle in black, this will open up lots of possibilities. For those of you thinking you've read this text before; you are right, the new Drag Racer contains these new 7L Flex Axles too. WHITE PANELS This small set comes with a whopping 10 panels. Great for the ones who like panels. Not so great if you think TLG is using too much panels lately. RUDDER This part, the Small Bionicle Wing, is the same as the one used in last year's 42033 - Record Breaker. PART LIST This set contains 113 parts, all listed below. THE BUILD This is the collection of parts, used to build the Jet. It sure looks like we are getting a landing gear. The build is fun, but pretty straightforward. There aren't any special or cool techniques used in this set. It almost took me more time to apply all the stickers than to build the actual model. FINISHED MODEL The finished Jet does look cool though. The white and yellow color scheme, combined with the stickers, work really well. I have seen people refer to the plane as being orange, but it's definitely yellow. Technic (or LEGO in general) tends to have some color variation when it comes to yellow. I do concur this is the warmer variant of yellow, but it's not orange. The back of the plane looks nice too, although I am not a big fan of the rudder part. It looks too detailed, compared to the other panels. It's not a big deal though, and maybe it's just me. PARTS LEFT Only three common parts left. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS This set has a single feature and that is a retractable landing gear. It's operated by the black 12T Double Bevel Gear near the cockpit. In the following picture you can see the landing gear retracted. This image shows the landing gear when the plane is ready for landing. Hopefully the pilot will roll the plane before landing, but you probably know what I mean VIDEO Here's s short video demonstrating the Display Team Jet. B-MODEL This set also includes the building instructions for the B-model, a Stunt Plane. The building experience for the Stunt Plane is more or less the same as for the Jet. Well, what do you expect when both models are planes with a limited number of parts. For an alternative model the Stunt Plane looks fine. There's not a lot of functionality in this plane, but it's worth mentioning that the tail wheel allows the plane to roll on a flat surface. The plane also has working propellors. Both functions are demonstrated in the video. Unfortunately, the landing gear of the Stunt Plane is not retractable. PARTS LEFT A couple of extra leftover parts, but it's nice to see that most of the parts have been used in the B-model as well. Actually, there's probably an extra yellow Technic Smooth 1/2 Bush left. I just found it on my desk, but it could belong to one of the other sets. VIDEO Here's a video demonstrating the Stunt Plane. SUMMARY Two nice planes for 13 bucks, that's basically what you get. Both models look good and the set has some interesting new parts. Especially the 7L Flex Axle will be very popular. It comes with a decent collection of white panel, although they are very common nowadays. Both models have limited functionality, but each of them has at least one function to give the model some playability for kids, other than the swooshability that is. Okay, it might lack some proper functions, but I still think kids will love this set. I can see kids running around with one of the planes in their hands. All in all I think this set delivers what you'd expect. SCORE Let's see how this set flies! Remember that the grades are based on it being a small set. Obviously a set like this, cannot be compared with a Mercedes flagship. 8 DESIGN For a small set, the model looks very authentic. 7 BUILDING EXPERIENCE No surprises. 7 FEATURES Just the retractable landing gear. 8 PLAYABILITY It has swooshability, so I see kids running around with this model. 7 PARTS Lots of panels, if you are into that. 8 VALUE FOR MONEY Can't go wrong with these small sets. 7,5 FUN FOR KIDS More image can be found on my Flickr page. Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed it."], [-1, "While I can see kids enjoying this, I'm not sure I would buy. The flex axles are nice, and it is a decent number of white panels but I think I would get better return out of a larger parts set. Fantastic review though, and your pictures show off this tiny model better than the box art does."], [1, "Very nice little set, and a lot of those new white small panels. It's a need!"], [1, "Thanks for the nice review! The landing mechanism looks quite cute. Aren't the yellow axles 5L, not 4L? (Very strange that they would release such a part)."], [0, 'It says 5l in the parts list.'], [1, 'Love this model, awesome swooshability, interesting parts, and a nice little model to put on my desk at work :)'], [1, 'For 10 Euros very usefull parts. I like it as well as other 2016 sets. I like the gear retracting mechanism a lot. Very good set for good price. Thanx for good review. :) Max'], [1, "Hi there, nice model, great review! I almost reverse engineered this model, but used wrong parts for landing wheels, didn't know how to fix the nose proper, and so on. So i was very interested in this model and i like playing with it. I love the reviews, but i think i have to mention, that the yellow axle must be a 5L! The picture shows a 5L, and a 5L would fit the size of the model. The cart has also a 5L in yellow. What sitze is the yellow axle in this seit. Really 4L as written in the text? Greetings, Robert"], [0, "MegaRoi, on 01 December 2015 - 10:56 AM, said: Hi there, nice model, great review! I almost reverse engineered this model, but used wrong parts for landing wheels, didn't know how to fix the nose proper, and so on. So i was very interested in this model and i like playing with it. I love the reviews, but i think i have to mention, that the yellow axle must be a 5L! The picture shows a 5L, and a 5L would fit the size of the model. The cart has also a 5L in yellow. What sitze is the yellow axle in this seit. Really 4L as written in the text? Greetings, Robert The picture of the manual says 4x 5L yellow axle, and that seems to line up with what im seeing in the pics as well So i assume the 4L is a typo"], [0, "I seem to have been messing up Axle Lengths in various reviews It's indeed 5L. My bad. Thanks for pointing it out."], [1, "Very nice review for a nice little set! I especially like the smoothness of operation for the retractable landing gear. I don't like the lack of symmetry for the propeller of the B model though, but understand the alternative would be to add one extra small panel to the set, or skip two of them in the B model."], [1, "Good review, as always Jim When I first saw this set I thought that it would make a great parts pack for me, as that I have about 20 white pieces in my Technic collection (all from 42043) and this set has some really useful ones, all for a cheap price. Those 7L flex axles will be extremely useful in my current build I'm doing"], [1, 'Nice review, even with the missing demonstration video of the A-model! Looks like this is an excellent panel pack for the price, and those soft axles will go down a treat. Will this set be the dark horse of 1H 2016...?'], [1, 'I am definitely getting set for the panels!'], [0, 'Jay Psi, on 02 December 2015 - 12:10 AM, said: Nice review, even with the missing demonstration video of the A-model! Hmmm strange. Let me fix that.'], [0, 'Fixed the video and fixed the stars in the voting. Thanks for paying attention guys'], [0, "Set is only interesting for the panels, that's all it is to me"], [1, "I just built the A model, and I rather like it. It is much bigger than it looks from the box - about 30 studs long. There is only one function - the landing gear - but it works very nicely. Apart from that, it's a very solid build, and achieves an elegant shape with an absolute minimum of parts. I don't usually get excited about small sets, but this one appeals to me. I like the feeling that every single piece has a purpose."], [1, 'My favourite of the 2016 sets I\'ve built so far. I\'d go so far as to say this is the best "budget" set in years. I would have loved this when I was a kid ... great "swoosh ability" ??'], [1, 'Boulderer, on 27 December 2015 - 05:44 PM, said: My favourite of the 2016 sets I\'ve built so far. I\'d go so far as to say this is the best "budget" set in years. I would have loved this when I was a kid ... great "swoosh ability" ?????? Good to hear that, im gonna check the toy shops in my lunch break tomorrow, see if they got their shipment in yet, if they have, ill definitely buy one of these little sets'], [0, 'I got this little set for Xmas and I noticed all the gaps and decided to fix them, so here it is. IMG_5344 by JJ2Sam, on Flickr First I added some beams to the wings and top to make it less hollow, second I put some navigation lights on it, I made the nose a bit wider and added a control panel, and lastly I changed out the landing gear wheels to more appropriate ones. IMG_5349 by JJ2Sam, on Flickr More pictures are HERE'], [1, "Thats a cool little mod, two small nigles though, 1, your navigation lights are flipped on the main wings, 2, the panels on the tail i *think* were supposed to be the intakes for the jet engine, by using them to close up the tail you've turned it into a glider Cant wait untill i find one of these on shelves!"], [1, 'So this set showed up in stores yesterday, and i immediately picked two up. All in all it is a nice set, but it is slightly different from what i was expecting, the plane feels a bit "flat", pointy nose, wide bottom etc.. And while the panels work very well as wings, it feels a bit simplistic to just have single-part wings. The stickers really work for it though. Its a cracking set though, nice parts pack, and a nice model as well'], [1, 'Got this at the weekend, mainly for the parts, but built it first. Agreed with other comments - awesome swooshability.'], [1, "REVIEW - 42046 - GETAWAY RACER INTRODUCTION Starting with the 42010 - Off-road Racer and 42011 - Race Car in 2013, TLG released two sets in the first half of each year, using a pullback motor. The pullback motor allows the model to be pulled back, followed by forward motion. Usually there's no apparent relation between the two set, other than the ability to combine them into an alternate build. This year there seems to some sort of Cops and Robbers scene going on. A Getaway Racer and a Police Interceptor. That can't be a coincidence. Makes you wonder who will be victorious, the good guys or the bad guys. Let's find out! Note: All images can be clicked for hi-res versions. SET INFORMATION Number: 42046 Title: Getaway Racer Theme: Technic Released: 2016 Part Count: 170 Box Weight: 302 gr Box Dimensions: 26,0 cm x 13,8 cm x 5,9 cm Set Price (MSRP): € 19,99 Price per Part: € 0,118 Links: Brickset, Bricklink THE BOX The box has the same dimensions as previous year's pullback motor sets. In the lower right corner there's a visual explanation of the pullback mechanism. The dark model with it's decals sure looks like a cool hot rod. CONTENT OF THE BOX The box contains: 1 Instructions Booklet 1 Sticker Sheet 2 Technic Liftarms 1 Pullback Motor 3 Bags INSTRUCTION BOOKLET Just a single booklet. Unfortunately no booklet for the alternate model. STICKER SHEET The sticker sheet contains a lot of cool stickers with flames and skulls etc. PULLBACK MOTOR AND LIFTARMS The pullback motor and two liftarms are found unbagged. BAGS A total of three bags containing the majority of the parts. HIGHLIGHTED PARTS This section describes the new and/or otherwise interesting parts. Actually, this set is the only set of 1H 2016 which doesn't use any new parts, not even parts in a new color. TIRES The Getaway Racer uses four low profile tires (Tire 37 x 22 ZR). RIMS The rims are Wheel 30.4mm D. x 20mm in Pearl Gold, found in 12 other sets. PANELS This set contains three #3 Panelsand three #4 Panels in black. PART LIST This set contains 171 parts, all listed below. THE BUILD This being a small model, I won't show any building steps. Let's skip right to the finished model. Below you can see the end result. In my opinion the model looks great. It's got that hot rod vibe going on and the stickers add darkness to the vibe. Slight problem with this set is that it really needs the stickers to finish the look. Otherwise it's quite dull, with black and dark grey liftarms and panels. The rear view shows the pullback motor connected directly to the rear axle. In this image you can also clearly see the exhaust pipes on the side, which are very well executed. The 3x3 Technic Discs with stickers, used in the rim, result in only seeing a part of the rim. This works very well with the golden rims. The bottom view shows the chassis of the car. Nothing really noteworthy, as you would expect from a pullback set. VIDEO The following video gives you an overview of the finished model. PARTS LEFT These six parts are left after building the model. Seems about right. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS This being a pullback motor set, it only has a single feature. The video below demonstrates the acceleration of the vehicle. My girlfriend was kind enough to catch the model before it fell to the ground. Or did it hit something before it fell to the ground?! VIDEO This video shows the pullback functionality. B-MODEL The alternate model is a combined build with the Police Interceptor, which you can see on the back of the box. Unfortunately the instructions for the combined B-model are not included, so I didn't get a chance to build it. This would make for a fun challenge, building the B-model without the instructions. SUMMARY Pullback sets are not the most technically advanced models, so you can't expect any other functionality than hitting the walls in your house. However, I think they are very appealing to kids. The fact that this year's pullback sets form a duo adds to the fun. In my opinion TLG hit the nail on the head with the Getaway Racer and Police Interceptor. The Getaway Racer looks very badass, which is something you don't see every day in a Technic set. SCORE How do I grade the bad guy in this year's duo. 8 DESIGN It looks so cool, but it does need the stickers. 7 BUILDING EXPERIENCE Nothing out of the ordinary. 7 FEATURES Limited to the pullback-and-drive functionality. 7 PLAYABILITY Combined with the Police Interceptor, kids will love it. It does need it's Nemesys though. 7 PARTS Collection of common parts. Gold rims could be interesting. 8 VALUE FOR MONEY Pullback sets always deliver a certain value. 7,3 HIT IT! More image can be found on my Flickr page. Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed it."], [1, 'I almost purchased this today because I like the wheel / disc combo so much.'], [1, 'Another great review Jim! And again i love the model, those pearl gold wheels This one definitely goes on the "buy on sight" list'], [0, 'One hero will now have just enough of that pullback motor to create one ultimate machine, thanks to this.'], [0, 'Jim great reviews but can I suggest you one thing? Take some pics before you apply the stickers....and some with the stickers on! It helps to have a comparison!'], [0, "TheItalianBrick, on 01 December 2015 - 09:32 AM, said: Jim great reviews but can I suggest you one thing? Take some pics before you apply the stickers....and some with the stickers on! It helps to have a comparison! You are right. I came to the same conclusion when writing the review. I tell you it doesn't look that good without stickers, but I don't have a picture to prove it. To be honest; I compared it to the model posted in the 2016 topic a few days ago. I applied the stickers before building the model, so I wasn't able to make a proper comparison. I will keep it in mind for future reviews. Thanks for the suggestion."], [0, "Jim, on 01 December 2015 - 09:34 AM, said: You are right. I came to the same conclusion when writing the review. I tell you it doesn't look that good without stickers, but I don't have a picture to prove it. To be honest; I compared it to the model posted in the 2016 topic a few days ago. I applied the stickers before building the model, so I wasn't able to make a proper comparison. I will keep it in mind for future reviews. Thanks for the suggestion. You're welcome! I'm not a huge fan of stickers, for 2 reasons: I do re-use all the parts normally...and also I believe a model should look great even without stickers, then obviously they can be a plus, but only afterwords! Anyway I'm enjoying the reviews as usual, and those pics Thanks for making them Jim!!"], [0, "Cool! Glad you like 'em. And thanks for the kind words."], [-1, "Not sure what people like about this set, I think it's the worst of all 1H2016 sets. Odd shape, bland colors, no new parts, and the windscreen isn't even closed. But the reviews are great, indeed. :)"], [0, 'are parts #62462 in Flat or Metallic Silver?'], [0, "First thing I thought: HOT WHEELS?? WHUT. The set looks like the Hot Wheels 'Bone Shaker'."], [1, 'What a nice, tight an clean design! Usually not too keen on the pull-back models, but this one is great.'], [0, 'the instructions for the Extreme Police Interceptor combo model is now online....will someone do a review of this B model? https://wwwsecure.us...tselector=true#'], [0, "Jim, on 01 December 2015 - 04:10 PM, said: That's the best compliment a reviewer can get I thought that was the best compliment a salesman can get . Seriously though, even though I am not quite sold on the helicopter your reviews are very well done. You put a positive light on it whilst still being completely honest."], [0, 'allanp, on 01 December 2015 - 04:18 PM, said: I thought that was the best compliment a salesman can get . Seriously though, even though I am not quite sold on the helicopter your reviews are very well done. You put a positive light on it whilst still being completely honest. Hehe you have a point Thanks for the compliment though'], [0, 'Thanks again for the review. I am not sold on this one yet, but I confess it took about 2 years for me to finally appreciate 9396. Maybe I need to see this in person.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review. I wonder if the design inspiration came from the Russian Ka-32 helicopter.'], [0, 'dr_spock, on 01 December 2015 - 04:39 PM, said: Thanks for the review. I wonder if the design inspiration came from the Russian Ka-32 helicopter. It sure seems that way.'], [1, 'Lego 42049 Mine Loader Thanks to Lego and EuroBricks for making this review possible! This was supposed to be a preview-review, before the Dec 1 release date for the set, but it got stuck in customs or something and didn\'t arrive in time. Well, I\'d rather do a good, late review than a rushed review, so here it is. Name: Mine Loader Set Number: 42049 Pieces: 476 (I think) Price: $39.99 (I think) Minifigs: 0 Theme: Technic Year of Release: 2016 Links: Bricklink Brickset The Box Another standard Technic box, not that there\'s anything wrong with that. It is a littler weird that the mine loader is shown OUTSIDE the mine, but whatever. The Back of the Box Again, very standard. It\'s oddly technical, showing the exact angle of the machine when turning, but that\'s the sort of nerdy detail that Technic people like. The alternate Mine Cutting Machine model looks interesting and unusual as well. The 1:1 Part The 1:1 part on the top of the box is especially helpful with this set. These mining machines are very oddly proportioned, since they need to fit in mine tunnels, so it\'s hard to judge the model size based on the wheels or seat like you can an ordinary set. The Contents You get manuals for both models (a single book for the B and two books for the main), a medium size sticker sheet, 4 bags, and 4 loose tires. The Special Parts This set has 4 of the new mudguard panels in yellow, two cylinder halves in red (a new color), some of the new color red and yellow axles, a couple of the new-ish Technic spacers, some of the axle-pin combination pieces, and a couple swords! I\'m pretty sure that\'s "an antenna" and a spare. The Start of the B-Model Since I like the main model better, I\'m building the alternate first, so that\'s how I\'ll write the review. There\'s "power" for something (probably the engine) being taken off the one axle here. Overall, a pretty standard Technic frame beginning with some structural beams, a frame, and using liftarms to support axles out to the sides. More of the Frame The far end of the model has some obvious steering mechanism being formed, as well as a pivoting arm right in the center that\'s probably the connection from the Hand of God knob. The Steering Yup. Called it. Oddly, there is a different turning radius between right and left right now. I wonder if that\'ll get fixed... More Mechanisms That\'s looking more Technic now. Sad to see a u-joint being used just as a fixed straight connection like that, but it is the alternate model... The Engine Block Because all engines should be enclosed in a red cylindrical housing, am I right? The Chassis It\'s definitely coming together now. And yes, the B-model instructions tell you to put the stickers on. It doesn\'t matter whether you build the main or alternate first, you\'ll get the stickers on (almost - there were a couple leftover that didn\'t get used in the B-model). Almost Done With the rest of the body done and the wheels on, you really get the scale of this machine. That blue seat is tiny compared to the rest of it! And yes, the uneven steering lock got fixed. After putting the wheels on, you add a couple of "pin with ball" pieces to the underside to restrict the steering. They didn\'t do that at first so that you could turn the axles sharper while putting the wheels on, which made it easier to do. The Grinder Keeping in mind the scale of the machine, this thing looks terrifying! The tan gear at the back drives the spinning blade up front. The red bushes near the turntable let you adjust the angle. All Done The arm quickly attaches to the body and it\'s done. Sadly, that tan gear doesn\'t connect to anything - it\'s just a knob so you can spin the blade by hand. Raise Your Hand, If You\'re Sure... (I think I\'m dating myself with that title...) This thing has massive reach. I\'m imagining this inside a mine, grinding away the rock overhead. Pretty viciously effective machine! The crank on this side of the model is used to raise and lower the arm. Works well, and the grey spacer makes it nice to use since it spins freely. The Leftovers Not much left for a B-model. Nice usage! Starting the Main Model The main model starts similarly to the alternate, with a frame, some axles, and a drive connection from one axle to something later. Getting Complicated Already We\'re only a few pieces in and we already have three separate gear trains going on. There\'s the axle driving the tan beveled gears inside the frame at the bottom. There\'s more tan gears in the middle, and there\'s also a black gear sticking up as a knob that turns the grey connector in the center. The Body is Done I skipped ahead quite a bit, but it was a bunch of standard Technic building. You\'ve got a fake engine with fan at the back, driven by one of the rear wheels, a knob sticking up for steering, and an axle coming forward to open and close the claw. The Claw! I like that they used a link system to open and close the claw instead of just gearing it. The axle comes forward from the chassis (it\'s the red axle) with a couple u-joints for flexibility and drives a worm gear. That rotates a gear below with a 2 stud liftarm on each side. Those arms have pin with towball in them and then a link going from that short liftarm to the claw. It\'s a small rotation of the liftarm, but makes the claw open widely and works very well. Raising the Claw A few black liftarms join the claw to the body of the loader and allow it to move up and down. It\'s a simple mechanism there - one yellow beam goes back and connects to a lever that lets you raise and lower the claw. When raised (as shown), the lever locks in place by going just slightly past the centerline. And It\'s Done Add some wheels, a cab, and some wheel arches and we\'re done. It\'s a great looking machine, pretty unique, and looks like the real thing. The main difference from reality is these usually have a scoop for moving loose rock. Since we\'ve had so many scooping vehicles in the past (tracked loaders, the Volvo L350F, excavators, etc) the claw here is a fun change and adds to the playability for kids. Like the real thing, the body stays very low so the cab only has to stick up a little bit for the driver to see all around, because mines are cramped and busy areas. From the Rear This angle is great. I love the use of the new mudguard panels to make a nice curve to the back of the loader. The antenna is a little weird, but perhaps they had a big pile of flat silver fencing swords to use up. The black gear just to the left of the antenna is the claw control. Rotating that gear opens and closes it. The back end is a little lighter than a real machine would be, but Lego wanted to leave the engine exposed so you can see the cylinders moving. The Conclusion So, what\'s my conclusion on this model? I like it a lot. It\'s simpler than a big set would be, but it\'s got lots of design and playability crammed in a mid-sized set. It\'s a unique vehicle. However, it does have a few flaws. The steering on the main model needs some drag added. As is, you basically have to drive by holding the steering knob since it\'ll bend if you push it from behind. I don\'t like the use of pin with pin hole as mounting points for the orange and red trans plates for lights, since they can turn slightly and be at weird angles. The antenna is unnecessary and in the way. But none of these flaws are dealbreakers or even big deals. They\'re minor. The Ratings Value: 10/10 - Less than 10 cents a piece, lots of useful liftarms and such, nothing too weird or single-use. Design: 9/10 - Looks very realistic for the size of the set, good functionality, not too dependent on stickers Minifigs: n/a - n/a Playability: 9/10 - Controls aren\'t perfect (loose steering, small knob for claw control) but very functional and cleverly done. Parts: 9/10 - Nice selection, although heavy on the standard yellow and black. Almost zero studded parts. Overall: 9.5/10 - It\'s a great intro to Technic set - a unique vehicle, good functionality, nice part selection, and decently priced. I like it a lot and plan to keep it around as a finished set.'], [1, "Great review with high quality pictures, well done!! I'm glad you took the time to do it properly. Cool that you have built both models. I agree with the mudguards. They sure look good on this model."], [-1, "I was waiting especially for review of this set. Let me add few things about this... thing. It all will be complainging of person who works with these type of machines, so if you just want a unusual machine in your collection, ignore my complaining :) I see underground loaders almost every day, and believe me, this model would now work in the underground mine. First of all, its cab should stick out more from the frame. Each loader has cab placed out of the chassis, to provide better view for the driver. In this class of machine it would help a bit, but in low loader ones it is extremely important: This is the view from the cab of a low profile loader (looking at front - and yes, front of the machine is where engine is placed, because at least at KGHM all machines drive engine forward): Another thing about that cab is that seat and steering wheel/joysticks are placed perpendicularly to the machine chassis, to provide same view for driving forward and backwards. So another weak spot of the set. The model lacks of trans clear lights on the engine part, because all machines that work underground have same lamps on front and back. Another thing that comes to my mind is that warning light and antena would not live too long in the mine, becuase it could be torn apart by ramming into tunnels roofs. It does resemble shape of underground machine, but not a loader. Only machine that comes to my mind is something that are used for moving/placing hydraulic support jacks in tunnels. Sorry for poor quality, I didn't find better picture of it: It does have claw, four wheels and articulated chassis, but have much greater range of movement of the arm. Anyway, I'd give it at least 3/5 for overall look. Model itself, as a set, looks unfinished (or cut down on pieces after visit of an accountant...) For me it looks like engine part was built differently, with knobs for steering/claw operating sticking out from back. Claw needs almost seven full turns of the worm gear to close from opened position, and is rather annoing to use it in way it is built in this model. Bracket that holds bevel gears responsible for steering is rather loose, being hold in place by single 3/4 pin. On the other hand, the steering works very well. It seems that lack of differential will be more common in LEGO sets, becuase it is another model that have fake engine driven by single wheel (like in old russian RC cars...). I am OK with that, but it is a pitty that this model has only R2 engine. Thing that I do not like the most in this model is how the claw arm works. First of all, it barelly lifts the claw of the ground, the movement could be much better. And it has major design flaw - universal joints are not placed in line with articulation points, and this is main reason of 5L axle not being suported on both sides under the turntable. While rainsing the arm, it bends a little! I really would like to see this model built differently, with normal bucket and better range of movement. Edited by M_longer, 05 December 2015 - 11:08 PM."], [0, "Thanks for the thorough comments! I agree that the set has some limitations, both in construction and realism, but I think they're acceptable given the pricepoint and size. The antenna is definitely ludicrous - I really do suspect they had a surplus of the swords to use up! And yes, the way the steering knob is mounted is loose. I also noticed that the u-joints to the claw are not in the right spot like you mentioned, but didn't include it since it still works fine. That axle coming forward to the claw has a very long unsupported section that does bend a bit when you raise and lower the claw. It works, but is a bit of a cheat that I'm kinda surprised they let through. I just checked and the bucket from 8043 is a couple studs too wide for this set. I'm betting that was seriously considered, but it'd have meant scaling the whole thing up and that would have put it into a higher price point. Or they could have pulled the mold for the 8x14 bucket back out and remade it for this set... I really like the model you built! And that's interesting about the cabs being basically flush with the top but sticking out the side. In image searching as part of my research, I found both that style and ones like this, with the cab sticking up more (like the photo of the Caterpillar one in my review). I wonder if that's a US/European difference, or different types of mining, or what, because both styles definitely exist in the real world."], [1, 'Excellent review! Worth waiting for. The set itself is very interesting. looks like it may have one interesting build techniques. Thanks for the review, Andy Ad'], [0, 'Great review, thank you. The set to me is kinda blah, interested more in the new panels than the rest of it.'], [1, "Think this is the only 1H set I'll be getting. Guess I'm waiting for 2H for the rest of the construction stuff! This set looks okay to me; it includes the instructions for both models, which is cool, and includes some great parts. I like that it's not just another bucket loader and that it actually tries something different, too."], [-1, 'Great review and great pictures ! Many thanks for talking the time to review this set . I am a fan of LEGO Technic construction stuff, but this set is not so appealing to me. But, then again I am sure some people will love it.'], [-1, 'Freekysch, on 06 December 2015 - 12:00 PM, said: Great review and great pictures ! Many thanks for talking the time to review this set . I am a fan of LEGO Technic construction stuff, but this set is not so appealing to me. But, then again I am sure some people will love it. Indeed very good review! and also good points pointed out by m_longer ;) this set doesnt appealing to me neither, but before i knew what it was i was thinking it was interesting but now... its so simple, a set close to 500 pieces with only 1 real function, and the entire rear section looks unfinished.'], [-1, 'Great review! One thing reaaaaaally bothers me about this set, both models have the engine connected to one wheel, the other wheel on the "powered" axle is just left to rotate freely, and that really bothers me, as it did in 42022 (on 42022 even more TBH, since its main feature is being a frigging car). Looking at the pics it isnt even a space issue (as it was in the hot rod, where they "needed" to route the steering through), so they just cheaped out and didnt bother fitting a diff in there (or even a live axle link) Im not very interested in this set (not into construction stuff), but i think this is a worrying trend :('], [1, "Thanks for review, mostlytechnic. Not a must have for me, but this set have nice assortment of parts... new turntable, new panels (i like yellow). And if i'll buy two of this sets - i'll get enough wheels for proper 18-wheeler. And rubber connectors, that i almost don't using at all, but want to have more and more) Edited by Victor Imaginator, 06 December 2015 - 02:19 PM."], [0, "Definately a quirky set, I think I'd have prefered a bucket on the front with a complex lift and tip mechanism, but a grab is different. As for the B model, I may prefer it's functions to the A model, certainly something different we have not seen before."], [0, 'Great review indeed!'], [0, "looks like its using the z60 turntable that's on the Mercedes and the crawler crane 42042"], [0, 'some mods "all wheel drive" V6 instead straight 2 cylinder Bucket instead Gripper Back lights and oldschool worngear mechanics instead of linear actuators Edited by efferman, 26 December 2015 - 05:52 PM.'], [1, 'Nice mod there, Effe, might inspire me when I get one and start modding it'], [-1, "Cool mod by effe. But the original model out of the box is one of the poorest models TLG ever released. Looks from front to rear as a cheaped out set with really lazy design effort. A shame for the responsible Lego designer Parts assortment seems to be ok but this should Not be the most important Criteria Sry Jim, i really appreciate your always very well done reviews and offen i agree with the Overall judgements/verdicts and of course tastes are different but especially that review sounds like gushing praise in my ears.... Just my 2 ct Edit: ooops just saw the review isn't done by Jim...<blush>... So sry Jim... Now my final comment belongs to mostlytechnic Edited by Kumbbl, 27 December 2015 - 07:33 AM."], [1, 'I have made a ldd file of a improved version'], [0, '^^efferman : would there be an instruction list for this mod ?'], [0, 'a forum member on doktor brick has said he will make an instruction'], [0, 'the instruction is done. many thanks to martinsch https://www.dropbox....Loader.pdf?dl=0'], [1, 'Lego 42045 Technic Hydroplane Racer Thanks to Lego and EuroBricks for making this review possible! This was supposed to be a preview-review, before the Dec 1 release date for the set, but it got stuck in customs or something and didn\'t arrive in time. Well, I\'d rather do a good, late review than a rushed review, so here it is. Name: Hydroplane Racer Set Number: 42045 Pieces: 180 Price: $19.99 Minifigs: 0 Theme: Technic Year of Release: 2016 Links: Bricklink Brickset The Box Standard Technic box. Action photo, 2-in-1 logo, inset of functions. And the new "try our app" logo in the corner. The Box Back More standard stuff with the B-model and a larger app ad. The Contents 3 bags, two manuals (yes, despite all the ads for their instructions app, they included printed manuals for both the main and B models!), a BIG sticker sheet, and two loose black beams. The Interesting Parts There\'s a lot of panels in this set. Some are new colors (the blue curved panel) and the L-shaped blue panels are a new mold. I see them being used as mudguards on future sets (or maybe even this year; I haven\'t looked at the other 2016 Technic sets in detail yet). The hose, soft axle 7 long in black is new as well. The normal 7 axle in yellow is a new color too, and I have no idea why it\'s in this set. Both models use it in invisible places, so there\'s no reason other than making it easier to grab the right length axle to have it. I assume other sets this year are using it, but I\'m not sure. The Manual And the dumbing-down continues. Now they have to show people to compare axle lengths to the 1:1 prints on the page that have always been there. But how does the 1:1 work on the app? Might have to look into that... (for the record... I pulled out my phone and tried to find the app in the Google store. Couldn\'t find it. So then I went to the Lego website shown on the page and it had a link to it. Turns out it wasn\'t showing up because it\'s tablet only, so Google wasn\'t showing it to me on my phone. I\'ll try again later with a tablet...) Starting the Build Two Technic standards. A bunch of pieces linked together to make a specific pattern of holes, and an engine block. Some Weirdness This felt very weird to me - making the crankshaft for the engine, they have you build it right to left. I don\'t know if it\'s because I\'m a lefty or what, but it felt awkward. I need to look in some old manuals and see if it\'s always been this way... (nope! I randomly looked at 2013\'s set 42000 Racer, and it builds it left to right.) Assembling the Core Here\'s the core of the racer, upside down. The engine block, some gears at each end, and a couple boat studs for smooth gliding. And yes, they cheated and those are only attached on two studs instead of all 4. I\'m always amazed at how Lego geometry keeps finding interesting ways that it works. Like here, with those boat studs. They fit perfectly into the bottom of the brick and against the beam. The Front End Up front we get a standard blue seat with a couple "hidden" wheels behind it. A boat doesn\'t typically have wheels, but these will drive the mechanisms of this model, so we\'ll let it slide. An odd part choice here though - in the very front there are two tan "axle pin without friction" parts holding that 3 long liftarm on. Why? There\'s no need in either model for the non-friction pin, and there\'s lots of the normal blue axle pins in the set. So why include these two different pins? And All Done! It looks like a huge jump here, but it\'s really not. The front and rear connect to each other, and then a bunch of big panels are added that make the model look WAY bigger. The stickers on this set really make it work. Without them it\'s pretty bland and boring, so I recommend using them. From the Rear At the back we have a fan to propel the boat. That\'s not so accurate. All the images I can find of real-life boats use props in the water. But since this is a non-floating model, we have to make some tweaks I guess. There also should be fins going down into the water for stability and hydroplaning, but again, had to drop that. Here\'s an example of a real boat: You can see they nailed the overall look quite well. The Underside For those that want to see the mechanicals, here\'s the underside of the model. Minifig Scale Technic? Nope, not quite. A fig will fit the seat, but sticks out of the cockpit and can\'t fit a helmet at all. So close... Starting the B Model Again with the engine block, but this time an opposing 4 instead of inline. An Odd Part It\'s rare for Lego to include parts specific to the B-model, so I was curious when I found this 2-axle with pin, a fairly new part. In the main model, it\'s used in a place that a normal 3 pin would have been fine, and it\'s the only one of these in the whole set, so it obviously must be needed in the B-model. Sure enough, there\'s an assembly here that needs it: The Front of the Boat More upside-down building. And that silver piston is basically only there as a spacer. It has no real function. (Yet.... it turns out later an axle goes into it, so it\'s a support for one end of the axle.) Adding the Wheels We keep building around the engine. This model uses the same wheel setup as the main model. Taking Shape The B-model instructions tell you to put the stickers on in case you haven\'t - they actually did a good job making the sticker work on either model. But the silver piston used as a cross-brace is a bit weird. It can spin, so that axle hole on the side ends up facing whatever way it wants. The Back End The flex axles are used here under the panels just for appearance and to support the exhausts at the right angle. Same fan propulsion as the main model, and just as wrong here :) Worse, the gearing is switched. In the main model, the pistons and fan spin pretty quickly as you push the boat across the floor. In this one, they turn very slowly. More Instruction Weirdness I\'m always curious at how Lego decides to do instructions. Here\'s how the panels on one side of the boat are assembled. For the mirror image on the other side, they tell you to put all 3 pins into the short panel as step 1 (2 black and a blue), add the white piece as step 2, and then add teh second panel and stickers as step 3. Why two different ways? All Done Here\'s a similar angle as most of the official images. Looks ok. I noticed though how obvious the wheels are. The back of the box image is a lower angle that hides them more. And I like the mudguard panels as seats. Pretty clever. From the Side I\'m not fond of the profile. It doesn\'t sit level like I think it should. The wheels are a stud too low sticking out of the bottom. The Underside Like most B-models, there are compromises. There\'s pins and axles sticking out, but that\'s what you do when faced with a limited piece selection. Minifig Scale Yet? Nope, not quite. A bit too big this time. I think the driver is supposed to sit in the seat with knees over the front of the guard (where the grey pin is). So the minifig is way too small. Spare Pieces Very few leftovers in this B-model. The Conclusion So, what\'s my conclusion on this model? The B-model is fairly meh, and too similar to the main model. However, I LOVE the hydroplane racer itself. It looks great and is very swooshable. For the price, it\'s surprisingly large thanks to the big panels on the sides, Yes, this is one set that really needs the stickers to look good, but they look great and are well worth putting on. The Ratings Value: 9/10 - Close to 10 cents a piece, and a fairly large model for the price. Design: 9/10 - Looks great other than the tiny fan on the back. Minifigs: n/a - I was tempted to give a score since a minifig almost fits, but that\'d be cheating. Playability: 8/10 - Not much functionality other than the engine and fan spinning, but very swooshable and sturdy enough to be played with. Parts: 9/10 - A bunch of panels (including some new ones), just about every kind of Technic pin, and quite a few thin liftarms . Overall: 9/10 - The set is a solid winner, as long as your satisfied with the main model.'], [1, 'Again, great review with superb pictures. The white and blue certainly works very well with your dark backdrop. Thorough review for such a small model. Small in size but great as a set. Tell me, why did I let you review this one?!'], [0, "Quote And the dumbing-down continues. Now they have to show people to compare axle lengths to the 1:1 prints on the page that have always been there. But how does the 1:1 work on the app? Might have to look into that... (for the record... I pulled out my phone and tried to find the app in the Google store. Couldn't find it. So then I went to the Lego website shown on the page and it had a link to it. Turns out it wasn't showing up because it's tablet only, so Google wasn't showing it to me on my phone. I'll try again later with a tablet...) Funny thing is that they changed colour of 7L axle to yellow, and on that picture it still is in LBG."], [-1, "Thanks for a great review! Too bad there is only one blue curved panel in this set. My opinion on the frictionless axlepins is that the flex axle might be easier to stick in them than in regular/blue axlepins... Didn't actually try it though :-) Edited by MajklSpajkl, 05 December 2015 - 11:46 PM."], [1, 'Excellent review! I am glad that you did not rush this or the Mine Loader review. Could it be that the fan in the back is like a turbo prop propulsion.... Just reaching here. Andy D'], [-1, 'Thank you for the review. I have this one in my pile to build. I wish there was more of the curved blue panels though.'], [1, 'here is a video review via JANG to add to the review: i like both A and B so will buy both.'], [0, "MajklSpajkl, on 05 December 2015 - 11:45 PM, said: My opinion on the frictionless axlepins is that the flex axle might be easier to stick in them than in regular/blue axlepins... Didn't actually try it though :-) Frictionless pins have accurate round hole, while blue friction pins have something squarish. Flex axle will fit in both, but using tan pins doesn't require strength. Conncetion with tan pins is weaker too."], [0, 'Great review! Im a bit undecided on the set though, it has some nice parts (4 cil engine in such a small set!) and it looks good, but also a bit small and simple, not sure if it stands up to the standards of the small tracked loader or similar for sets of this size, and as a parts pack (for panels/flaxles) the display team jet is infinitely better. Ill probably pick one up, but right now i really want another tracked loader... (last one was sacrificed to the MOD gods)'], [1, 'Nice review, thanks Nice little set, I might buy me one'], [1, 'REVIEW - 42038 - ARCTIC TRUCK INTRODUCTION Arctic vehicles aren\'t new to LEGO. Back in 2000 the Town theme already had several small orange arctic vehicles. In 2014 TLG again released a number of Arctic sets in the City theme (formerly known as Town). Some of these sets are actually pretty big, containing over 700 parts. Looking back in history it seems that Arctic sets may have found their origin in the Technic theme. Although these sets were white instead of orange, they are unmistakenly Arctic. The 1986 Technic Arctic Sets contained the infamous Technic Figures. Unfortunately the 2015 Arctic Truck doesn\'t contain any Technic Figures, but nonetheless it\'s great to see a new Arctic vehicle in the Technic line, not counting several snow scooters. Let\'s see if the new Arctic Truck lives up to the expectations. Note: All images can be clicked for hi-res versions. SET INFORMATION Number: 42038 Title: Arctic Truck Theme: Technic Released: 2015 Part Count: 1219 Box Weight: 2110 gr Box Dimensions: 47,8 cm x 28,0 cm x 7,2 cm Set Price (MSRP): € 79,99 / US$ 84.99 / £ 59.99 Price per Part: € 0,088 / US$ 0.093 / £ 0.066 Links: Brickset, Bricklink THE BOX The box measures 47,8 cm x 28,0 cm x 7,2 cm and weighs around 1385 grams. The box actually feels pretty heavy which means it\'s filled properly. This seems to be a trend in the Technic theme. Slightly smaller boxes can save shelf space for retailers. THE FRONT The front of the box shows the main model and in the lower right corner there\'s a image with the dimension of the model. It\'s 40cm long and 18cm wide. THE BACK The upper part of the back of the box shows the functions of the main model. The lower left section shows the B-model, which looks very promising (more on that later). The lower right section shows the motorization options for the main model. The crane (partially) and the bed can be motorized. Besides motorization some LEDs can be added as headlights. THE SIDE On of the sides shows one of the newer smaller style panels. This is the first time it appears in orange. When you take a look at the sticker you can see that it\'s not symmetrical. Not sure why TLG "cut of" one of the sides of the stickers, since the position of the panel is very suitable for a continuous sticker. CONTENT OF THE BOX The box is pretty densely packed, which is better than semi-filled boxes. It feels like you actually bought something which matches the box size. The box contains: 2 Booklets 1 Sticker Sheet 8 Bags BOOKLETS & STICKER SHEET Unfortunately the instructions and sticker sheet haven\'t been packed with cardboard protection, which results in a curved sticker sheet and slightly bent instructions. In my case this wasn\'t so bad. At least no real damage. HIGHLIGHTED PARTS This set proves to be a great parts pack, especially when you might have missed some of the 2014 sets. BLACK LINK TREADS Usually the Link Treads come in Dark Blue Grey, but this sets includes 96 Black treads, which is great if you\'d like to replace the DBG ones in your MOCs, or other official sets. UNDERCARRIAGE AND SUSPENSION Several parts are included to build the undercarriage driving the treads. Four Large Tread Sprockets and eight Small Tread Sprockets, which are used as return sprockets. Also included are four Steering Portal Hubs and four Steering Portal Axles for driving and steering the vehicle. Several frames, including two C-shaped Pivot Frames and two Steering Ball Joints to create an undercarriage much like the 4x4 Crawler. The set even includes two H-shaped Frames (a.k.a. Dog Bone Frames). NEW CHANGEOVER CATCH PARTS This year (2015) three new parts have been introduced to improve the changeover catch. More on these parts later. NEW PIN CONNECTOR Another new part for this year (2015) is the "1L Round Pin Connector", which looks like a pin connector, but acts more like a bush. NEW PINS Furthermore this sets includes quite a large number of three (relatively) new parts. 17 x Pin with Pin Hole, 14 x 3L Pin with 1L Axle and 11 x 3L Pin with 2L Axle, which have been introduced this year (2015). When the new 3L Pin with 1L Axle was introduced in 2014 it was only a matter of time before the new 3L Pin with 2L Axle would appear. Both new Pins are a great addition to the parts portfolio. PANELS Last but not least this sets contains a fair number of orange panels, including the 3x11 Panel in Orange, which is the first time we\'ve seen this part. PART LIST Below is the entire part list for the 913 parts. As usual this part list can be found at the end of the second booklet. THE BUILD The build immediately starts with some of the new parts, used to build the compact gearbox in the center of the model. Notice the two 20 Tooth Bevel Gears. One would have been enough to drive the 12 Tooth Bevel Gear, so the second seems to be useless. TLG probably used it in the A-model, because they needed it in the B-model, which you can see later. The front and rear suspension are almost identical. The front side also has the 13L Gear Rack, used for steering. The picture below shows the steering rack on the front suspension in more detail. At this point you have more or less finished the chassis. The gearbox is in place and the majority of the functions has internally been connected to the right gears. The small turntable shows where the crane will be attached later on. At the end of the first booklet, some of the bodywork has been attached to the chassis. The orange-black color scheme never fails to please me. Throw in some cool stickers for the extra effect and we have a winner. If you decide to motorize the model, using PF, the top of the cabin can be lifted to accomodate the battery box. The chassis uses lots of orange (and some black) panels to give the model it\'s distinctive look. The protective black bumber/railing is a nice addition which adds something to the exterior. The dumping bed at the rear can tilt to empty it\'s load. It\'s operated by a Mini LA. The Treads, which look very cool in Black, are driven by a Large Tread Sprocket and returned by two Small Tread Sprockets. The front and rear sections are identical. Building the undercarriages feels a bit repetitive, which is a problem for most tracked vehicles. FINISHED MODEL Adding the crane to the model finishes the build. Your model should look something like this. When you take a close look at the finished model, you realize this is something else. It\'s trully a unique vehicle. The color scheme is brilliant and the fact that it\'s an Arctic Truck is really neat. It\'s a welcome change for the Technic line to see a vehicle like this. This picture emphasizes that\'s it\'s a very cool vehicle. Imagine this beast plowing through the snow! As far as I know it\'s not based on a real life vehicle. If\'s probably a combination of several vehicles and some imagination. I can be totally wrong though. The rear of the vehicle shows the crane and drum, placed on the tipper bed. From this angle you can see some of the internals of the model, the gearbox behind the cabin for example. The crane can be partially motorized (rotation and base), while the boom is operated manually. What I like a lot is the protective railing around the vehicle. LEFT OVER PARTS Some leftover parts, nothing noteworthy. FEATURES AND FUNCTIONS This set has several functions/features: Steering Driving Suspension Crane Tipping bed STEERING As you can see in the image below the steering mechanism has quite a bit of negative caster (please correct me if I\'m wrong), which causes the treads to rotate a bit upward/downward instead of only to the left and right. DRIVING You mention driving as a feature?! Yes I do and let me explain why. Normally I would ommit this as a feature and take driving for granted. However, driving this vehicle (on a flat surface) causes it to simply slide over the surface. For other arctic vehicles this would be a plus, but with a tracked vehicle it limits playability. This is one of the main drawbacks of these tread, they simple don\'t work properly on smooth surfaces. SUSPENSION The suspension is working properly. You do need to apply some pressure, but all things considered it\'s not too bad. CRANE The crane has four degrees of freedom: Base rotation Lower boom Upper boom Hook It does what it\'s supposed to do. Base rotation and lower boom can be motorized and switched using the gearbox, while the upper boom and hook are operated manually. TIPPING BED The tipping is operated via a Mini LA. CONCLUSION While the set does offer various functions and features, driving and steering is a serious issue. Therefor this set is more likely to be showcased than to be played with. B-MODEL Instructions for the B-model are of high quality. Looking at the image below, you will see what I mean. Here\'s the finished B-model, a tracked Jeep with a communcations device. This alternate model looks so good, it could easily have made it as a main model. One thing that does pop in mind; how would this look with tires?! More on that later. When you are in the artcic region it\'s imperative to have proper communication channels. Since there\'s no internet backbone, you will need a big antenna of some sort. This B-model actually features a small trailer wagon with a transmitter/receiver. Here\'s more detailed image of the B-model, without trailer wagon. I would buy this model in a heartbeat if it were a main model. Simply gorgeous. The side view doesn\'t give away that this in alternate model. The stickers also work really well in this model. And again, nothing to complain here. The model even has a small crane at the rear, operated by the Mini LA. Here you can see the arctic fleet, comprised of both the A-model and B-model. I bet these two can get some work done!! A bit of a messy picture, but this should give you an impression of the size of both models. LEFTOVER PARTS Not too many parts left, which is obviously a good thing. ALTERNATE MODEL WITH TUMBLER TIRES Just like me, you probably have been wondering how this model would look like with (Tumbler) tires. Well, here it is. As I imagined it does look great. Admittedly, these are not the type of tires we ought to use, but to be honest; I don\'t really care. Again, the negative caster results in quirky steering. The tires are a bit too big, so they hit the chassis when you compress the suspension. While this has absolutely nothing to do with an arctic vehicle, I really love this picture. SUMMARY We\'re almost at the end of my review, so what do I think of this set. Let\'s start with getting the Elephant out of the room; this set lacks proper driving and steering. Does that make it a bad set?! Definitely not! It\'s a great set, but it lacks some playability when it comes to moving the vehicle. The crane and tipper bed do work properly, so there\'s still some playability left. Does this set look cool? Definitely! I think it\'s one of the coolest (no pun intended) and most original models of recent years. The orange and black color scheme works great and the stickers are well designed. The B-model is of very high quality and some might even prefer it over the A-model. And if you are not interested in either of these models, this set provides you with a variety of great parts! All in all I think this is a great set! Maybe not to play with, but it scores high on all other criteria. PROS Original model Great color scheme Lots of interesting parts Great B-model CONS Steering and driving don\'t work too well Repetitive build of undercarriages (minor con) SCORE Below are my scores based on different categories. 8 DESIGN Original and good looking model. 7 BUILDING EXPERIENCE Fun to build, albeit a bit repetitive. 8 FEATURES Packs quite a few features. 7 PLAYABILITY Some features work, some don\'t. 9 PARTS Comes with interesting parts. 9 VALUE FOR MONEY Two great model in a single set. 8 COOL! As a bonus, here\'s picture of the main model with Tumbler Tires. Why? Because we can!'], [1, "Very timely review Jim. My wife has just surprised me by giving me this set a few days ago and I have just built the A model two days ago and B model yesterday. I agree with all that you wrote above. I don't have Tumbler tires but I have 9398 tires. Driving is smooth but steering + suspension will be bad as you said due to negative caster and tires hitting the chassis. Anyway, tonight I will destroy the B model and rebuilt this http://www.busterhau...8-c-model.html."], [1, 'I was supposed to publish it together with the 42039 - 24 Hours Racer, but it somehow got backlogged. After completing the reviews for the 2016 sets, I felt I needed to finish it (was already 90% done). That C-model looks cool!'], [-1, "The set is a looker, you've got to admit it, but what it gives in looks does not make up for what it lacks in functions. I really wanted this set, badly even, when I restarted my adventure with Technic about a month ago. Than I learned more and more about what a good model can do, mostly thanks to this forum and YT. Right now I'm a bit disappointed with the Arctic Truck - smaller sets offer more functions and teach you much more. Jim it was a great review nevertheless Edited by pgplay, 14 December 2015 - 11:22 AM."], [1, "Great review. I bought this model several weeks ago and the box has sat on my shelf, so I think after this I will be digging it out for Christmas and I expect my son will have a lot of fun with it when it's built. PS. these Tumbler tyres look amazing on this model, and indeed amazing in their own right!"], [0, 'I think this model is more or less supposed to be a version of this thing. A pretty obscure topic, but also very interesting.'], [0, "How about this one: PS I somehow didn't find this picture when I wrote my review."], [0, "I could be wrong but I am 100% sure that I've seen this review before."], [0, "You switched the sides for the panel with the unsymmetrical sticker. Otherwise you would see that the cut off part is where there's a beam in front of the panel. That's probably done because the beam could possibly damage the sticker, either while building or while placed against it for a long time. Or it's simply omitted because it wouldn't be (completely) visible"], [1, "Great review and pictures as always. Its an odd combo, but I agree that the B model looks good with tumbler tires THERIZE, on 14 December 2015 - 09:32 PM, said: I could be wrong but I am 100% sure that I've seen this review before. I believe Jim posted the same one in the reviewers academy"], [1, 'Another great review I like this set very much, both models look good to me and it\'s a great part pack for me, the long list in the "high light parts" session tells everything. As for the real world counter part of the A model, how about this: Try googling Sno-Cat and there a lots of such things.'], [1, "Until I saw photos of this set I wasn't convinced I wanted it. Now after seeing all the combinations (A+B and tumbler tires!) I am definitely buying two copies. I need orange parts and black treads anyway. The only problem I have with this is that it's going to encourage me to buy many copies of the drag racer just to get enough wheels to play with."], [0, "THERIZE, on 14 December 2015 - 09:32 PM, said: I could be wrong but I am 100% sure that I've seen this review before. You are 100% wrong Rishab N, on 14 December 2015 - 10:40 PM, said: I believe Jim posted the same one in the reviewers academy Unless you are indeed member of the RA. The review was posted there, but only for a week or so. And I have posted links on Facebook, but that was after I posted it here. Nequmodiva, on 14 December 2015 - 09:48 PM, said: You switched the sides for the panel with the unsymmetrical sticker. Otherwise you would see that the cut off part is where there's a beam in front of the panel. That's probably done because the beam could possibly damage the sticker, either while building or while placed against it for a long time. Or it's simply omitted because it wouldn't be (completely) visible Ooops (no special reason, just a stupid mistake) Looking closely at it, makes me wonder how I missed that"], [0, 'Lets not forget the C-model made by Buster Haus. Pretty sweet C model..... http://www.eurobrick...opic=106969&hl='], [0, "Jim, on 14 December 2015 - 10:18 AM, said: That C-model looks cool! We didn't"], [0, 'why are all these vehicles orange?'], [1, 'Richard Dower, on 15 December 2015 - 02:03 PM, said: why are all these vehicles orange? They prove hard to lose in the snow'], [-1, 'erelender, on 15 December 2015 - 02:04 PM, said: They prove hard to lose in the snow so....paint them pink..........?'], [0, 'Richard Dower, on 15 December 2015 - 02:07 PM, said: so....paint them pink..........? Some ski goggles also have yellow/orange-ish glasses, so I reckon orange and white form a contrasting combination.'], [1, 'Jim, on 14 December 2015 - 09:15 AM, said: While this has absolutely nothing to do with an arctic vehicle, I really love this picture. This really puts me in mind of one of those Arctic 4x4s from the Top Gear Arctic Special:'], [0, "Nequmodiva, on 14 December 2015 - 09:48 PM, said: You switched the sides for the panel with the unsymmetrical sticker. Otherwise you would see that the cut off part is where there's a beam in front of the panel. That's probably done because the beam could possibly damage the sticker, either while building or while placed against it for a long time. Or it's simply omitted because it wouldn't be (completely) visible This is probably the only reason (for TLG choosing to provide an asymmetrical sticker), but looking at the sticker sheet, I also believe they simply didn't have the space on the sheet for a symmetrical solution. A symmetrically stickered panel could have more (re)uses for the MOC'ers. On Lego's own B-model, they handily camouflage it with the exhausts"], [-1, 'Jim/anyone....i built this set a few days ago, i dont like the way the crane arm section has no knob to turn the mini turntable. you see the 20 tooth gear?....there is a pinhole located next to this....i would like to add something here to make it easier to turn the winch section.'], [-1, 'I have the 42038, nice set but I found the tipping of the bed clumsy. It was a pleasure to build and I do like the build with the tumble wheels'], [1, 'Thank you Jim, nice Review It´s a great set: A lot unique parts and not just pins, axles and beams. I bough it to bring me back to Lego from my DA (10 years)... PS. Soon I will post an alternative model'], [1, "You wrote a very accurate review of this set, Jim. It's a pretty good model (with some obvious problems) but it's an even better parts pack. Your pictures with the Tumbler tires are great. What is the material of the gray background? nerdsforprez, on 15 December 2015 - 01:26 PM, said: Lets not forget the C-model made by Buster Haus. Pretty sweet C model..... Thank you for the mention."], [1, 'REVIEW - 42001 - MINI OFF-ROADER INTRODUCTION Technic Mini models are sometimes regarded as models not worth buying. I don\'t agree with this opinion. Whether it\'s a special part or innovative building technique, almost every Mini model has something that makes the set worthwhile. This time I will be reviewing the 42001 Mini Off-Roader. This model is not a smaller version of an existing model, so there\'s no real comparison with a bigger brother, or sister if you will. Nor does the model resemble a real life brand or vehicle, so it is what it is, a Mini Off-Roader. Note: All images can be clicked for hi-res versions. SET INFORMATION Number: 42001 Title: Mini Off-Roader Theme: Technic Released: 2013 Part Count: 100 Box Weight: 165 gr Box Dimensions: 15,5 x 14,0 x 4,2 cm Set Price (MSRP): 9.99 EUR DE / 7.99 GBP / 12.99 USD Price per Part: DE 0.100 EUR / UK 0.080 GBP / USA 0.130 USD Links: Brickset, Bricklink THE BOX The box measures 15,5 x 14,0 x 4,2 cm which is obviously not very big. The weight of the box is approximately 165 grams. FRONTSIDE The front of the box shows a though four wheel drive off-roader challenging a fierce rocky mountain trail...now does it?! What the box actually shows is Mini Off-Roader challenging a small foam rock formation, much like rocks used in Star Trek The Original Series, yet smaller The box also states that this model is for the age of 7 till 14. More importantly, the 2-models in-1 logo is clearly visible, which means this set can be used to build two different models. BACKSIDE The backside shows a picture of the alternate model and a smaller version of the original model. The conversion arrow and the 2-in-1 are printed to clarify that the main model can be converted into a secondary model. SIDES One of the sides shows the 2-in-1 logo and a picture of the main model. Another side shows a picture of one of the wheels in actual size and again, a picture of the main model. CONTENTS OF THE BOX The box contains: 2 Booklets 2 Bags 4 Tires BOOKLETS This set contains two booklets which is not very common for a set this size. Both models share the same chassis, which is why the build has been divided over two booklets, one for the chassis (8 pages with 10 steps) and one for the bodywork (34 pages with 23 steps for the main model and 20 steps for the alternate model). BAGS The box contains only 2 bags which is to be expected from a set consisting of 100 parts. One of the bags is filled with liftarms, panels, rims and two elastic bands. The other bags contains all the other parts, like pins, axles, connectors, etc. Opening the bags results in the following collection of parts, with the exception of the tires. No abundant number parts that will add real value to your collection. Nevertheless, there are some interesting orange parts and elastic bands. TIRES The tires are provided seperately (i.e. not contained in the bags). From the picture you can see that these tires have a front and a back side, so you should pay attention when fitting them to the rims, which have two different sides as well. HIGHLIGHTED PARTS This section describes the unique and/or highlighted parts. VERY SMALL SMOOTH TECHNIC PANEL (#21 AND #22) These two small Technic were new at the time of release and this set was only one of two sets containing them in orange. The other set is the 42007 - Moto Cross Bike. At the moment of writing there\'s a third set containing these parts, the Black Champion Racer. Side A Side B SMALL RUBBER BAND I was under the impression that these White Rubber Bands weren\'t that common, but it seems that these bands are as common as dirt. But hey, you can\'t have enough rubber bands! THIN LIFTARM 1x5 WITH AXLE HOLES Like the panels, these Liftarms were also new at the time of release. Looking at the the frequent usage in other sets, this part has proven to be a most useful mammal. THIN LIFTARM 1x3 Not a very rare piece per se, but if you are not into Bionicle, this liftarm part can be hard to find. Your other option would be to buy the 9390 - Mini Tow Truck, or the 8305 - Dual Bikes from a while ago (2000). LONG PIN WITH CENTER PIN HOLE This relatively new kid on the block is currently used in many Technic and non-Technic sets and has well proven it\'s worth. AXLE PIN CONNECTOR HUB WITH 2 AXLES Like the previous part this newish part is also quite helpful in certain situations. PART LIST Here\'s the complete list for all 100 parts. BUILDING EXPERIENCE The build starts with the chassis of the Off-Roader. After connecting some liftarms two elastic bands, one on each side, are attached to the towball pins. This is all there is to the suspension, plain and simple. The two elastic bands contract the L-shaped liftarms, which results in the long ends swiveling downwards. The video below demonstrates the suspension. The simplicity doesn\'t do it justice, because it works like a charm. The suspension is very smooth with the right amount of stretch and resistance. This great working suspension adds a lot of value to this set. To quote John Hurt in the movie Contact: "Why build one when you can have two at twice the price?". I have purchased two sets so we can simultaneously see both models and make a proper comparison. Below you can see two identical chassis which will be used for both versions of the build. At this stage we have arrived at the end of the first booklet, which only took about ten minutes. Not surprising, since the first booklet only has 10 building steps. Progressing to the second booklet, you need to choose between building the main and alternative model. That\'s a choice I don\'t need to make for this review, so let\'s start with the main model. MAIN MODEL When building the bodywork there\'s a rather peculiar building technique, which you wouldn\'t expect in an official LEGO set. The Axle and Pin Connector Hub with 2 Axles only protrudes halfway into the Double Bent Liftarm. The Thin 1x4 Liftarm which is added in one of the following steps makes sure the hubs stay perfectly in place, but I was still surprised to see this technique. The finished bodywork for the main model looks like....uhh...well.....I don\'t know exactly. It doesn\'t bear any resemblance to a real life model, which makes it hard to judge. One thing\'s for sure; it\'s not the best looking Technic Mini Model. The bodywork can be attached to the chassis by using a 7L axle and two bushes, one on each side of the chassis. ALTERNATE MODEL Unfortunately the alternate model doesn\'t look much better than the main model. It\'s even a stud less wide, while you would like to see slightly more body, matching the size of the tires and chassis. Attached to the chassis the body is even more out of proportion. It\'s not really ugly and the color scheme is great (obviously this goes for the main model as well), but the body simply doesn\'t match the chassis. I can only imagine that this model is supposed to have a chibi look, much like the Microfighter Star Wars models. COMPARISON The following section shows a selection of images from different angles to compare the main and secondary model. The main model has a bit more volume, while the alternate model has a more sporty look. FRONT VIEW The main model has headlights which are attached at a higher point, while the alternate model has headlights which are placed more closely next to each other. REAR VIEW A slightly different setup in both models, where the main model again has higher placed rear lights. SIDE VIEW The side view shows that the panels are used differently in both models. The main models uses them as doors, while the alternate model uses them as engine cover (bonnet). TOP VIEW The top view reveals that the main model might have room for a minifig PARTS LEFT The left image shows the parts which are left after building the main model, while the second image shows the parts left after building the alternate model. As you can see, the main model uses slightly more parts than the alternate model. FEATURES Besides the awesome suspension, which we already have discussed, there aren\'t a lot of features in this set. There\'s actually a single feature, which is only present in the main model....opening doors! Wow, impressive! Well, maybe we can\'t expect too much functionality in such a small model. SUMMARY The Off-Roader is a fun model which is fairly easy to build. The suspension is simple, yet very effective. The model could do better in the design department, but the suspension offers great playability and that is what this set is all about. The orange parts are not very common so they are an added bonus. All things considered this set is definitely worth the few bucks you need to spend on it. PROS Great suspension Fun to play with Some (semi) rare orange parts Great color scheme CONS No resemblence to an actual off-roader Not the best looking model SCORE Below are my scores based on different categories. 6 DESIGN Not the best looking Technic model. 7 BUILDING EXPERIENCE The suspension makes it fun to build. 7 FEATURES The suspension makes up for the lack of functionality. 8 PLAYABILITY The model has Car-Swooshability. 7 PARTS Some interesting orange parts. 8 VALUE FOR MONEY Great present for the younger builders. 7,1 ELASTIC Hope you enjoyed it! Thanks for reading and please rate this set at the top of this topic!'], [1, 'Once again, excellent review Jim! Than you for not skipping this small but pretty great set. I also got two of this and I have to say, I really admire the nifty suspension. Building a third bodywork for the same suspension system is still on my backlog.'], [1, "The suspension is indeed awesome. For it's size, this is a great set! Looking at the grades, I seem to have lowballed the score."], [0, 'Sad, i miss this set.'], [1, 'Looks like you are late 2 years) Nice set that you can play on your working place while small pauses This set is very cool, especially when you can: 42001 chassis + imagination = http://www.bricksafe...es/rm8/TLC_FJ40 Edited by rm8, 14 December 2015 - 11:17 AM.'], [0, "rm8, on 14 December 2015 - 11:15 AM, said: Looks like you are late 2 years) Seems like it It has been sitting in the Reviewer's Academy for a while."], [1, "Jim, on 14 December 2015 - 11:17 AM, said: Seems like it It has been sitting in the Reviewer's Academy for a while. Dont worry, we love your HQ photo skills. So you can post everything you want - we'll love that anyways Edited by rm8, 14 December 2015 - 11:26 AM."], [1, "rm8, on 14 December 2015 - 11:26 AM, said: Dont worry, we love your HQ photo skills. So you can post everything you want - we'll love that anyways Hehe I'll remember that (thanks!)"], [-1, "I don't like appearance of this off-roader at all but I've got it as gift so it's in my Technic collection now. When I built it I was very surprised how cool suspension it has and how much playability it features. I've also tried to build some alternative model out of it but without success. Anyway thank you Jim for great review! Edited by Tomik, 14 December 2015 - 05:45 PM."], [0, "Tomik, on 14 December 2015 - 05:43 PM, said: I don't like appearance of this off-roader at all but I've got it as gift so it's in my Technic collection now. When I built it I was very surprised how cool suspension it has and how much playability it features. I've also tried to build some alternative model out of it but without success. Anyway thank you Jim for great review! I did succeeded building an alternate, you can see it in my signature http://bricksafe.com/pages/LXF/42001 Edited by LXF, 14 December 2015 - 06:35 PM."], [1, "Here is the review...for Broadside's Brig 6259! A set from 1991, with a handsome count of 64 pieces, 3 figures, and a sale price of $8.75! The building(and parrot): We'll start off with the front. It looks like a good solid building to hold those scurvy dogs! We yonder over to the left side: And see a nice open back: And yonder to the plain right side: Back to the left, we find the corner, with a nice area to rest your tired soldiers! We see the platform in the corner, a lovely place for soldiers to stand on! It's a bit...skimpy, so watch your step! The middle is blocked by some stones, assuring security! But still open enough to stand in! The jail is cramped, and fits only TWO people, but we only need one prisoner in this set :-) ! Moving up is the watch tower, a place for your soldier stand and stand watch or for silly parots to sit on! Here's the front middle part, again those stones blocking the way! Figures and Accesories: We have a delightful number of a soldier, a sailor, and a scurvy pirate! A lovely parot! And a generous assortment of weapons! That concludes our review. Overall: It's a fantastic little set, and great for army and supplies and bricks gathering! I can't find any faults with this set, it's just the neatest little thing you've seen in a port *wub* Highly recomended *y* . And to end our review: A comic!"], [0, "You've done a good job of this review Mr ImperialScouts! But two things. 1) Background far too bright and the set is far too dark, easily rectified with Brightness & Contrast adjustment. 2) No poll to rate the set out of 5. Nonetheless this should be frontpaged on Classic-Pirates.com!"], [1, "A fine little set with 64 pieces and 3 figures for under $10. May have seemed a bit steep in 1991, but I wouldn't know, I'd passed into my dark ages already, so alas, I haven't a copy of this set. Looking at the parts list, I could build one out of my current inventory though. Issued today for $10, I'd buy no less than 14 of them, even though it does lack the obligatory rowboat for the pirate to make his escape in. Very nice review and comic, thanks for doing them! *y* Edited by imperialshadows, 20 October 2007 - 06:10 AM."], [1, 'Sigh. I think I got this for a birthday back in the day. My parents were so awesome. :) TC'], [0, "Mister Phes, on Oct 20 2007, 12:38 AM, said: You've done a good job of this review Mr ImperialScouts! But two things. 1) Background far too bright and the set is far too dark, easily rectified with Brightness & Contrast adjustment. 2) No poll to rate the set out of 5. Nonetheless this should be frontpaged on Classic-Pirates.com! Alas, I cannot make polls in the pirate forum, so a generous moderator/admin would be so kind to add one. Nonetheless, the picture was fixed, and appears to be alright. But I'm glad that the review is enjoyed!"], [0, "I'm not generous but I'll do it anyway X-D Now I need to write an artistic statement and then I can write my own review for Broadside's Brig!"], [0, 'Huzzah! ...and title change as well...the best Conquistador out there! :-$'], [0, "The Poll doesn't allow you to select 2 from 1-5. It instead says 1, 3, 3, 4, 5. But besides that, your review I give it a 5 because 1) shows the set in all angles 2) shows the characters 3) comment on the little creature comforts of the set 4) added a comic (playability) 5) showed true enthusiasm *y* *wub*"], [0, 'The poll is for the set, not the review :-D . But thank you anyway! And it appears Mister Phes made the mistake :-P !'], [-1, "i'd give a 2, but you put 3 two times. Is a nice set but is not really cool. Is a worse version of Lagoon lock up"], [1, "It's not too expansive and you get some nice pieces like that jail, the damaged yellow corner and a shako of course *wub* For this i''l give it a 4! Very nive review imperial scouts, keep it up! *y* Edited by Captain green hair, 20 October 2007 - 12:39 PM."], [1, 'A nice little set. Silly parrots ON!'], [1, "For the price it really looks like a nice set. Because of the lack of a cannon, I give it a 4. Cool comic IS! *y* Captain Roger, on Oct 20 2007, 10:59 AM, said: i'd give a 2, but you put 3 two times. Thanks for the pointer! Changed, and I added your vote."], [1, 'Nice review, funny little story, and a 4 from me. A useful little set indeed. *sweet*'], [1, "Great review, cool comic. *wub* I give the set a four, and I will go and buy it now as I am missing many of those parts.... oh it's not for sale? Off to Bricklink then! :-D"], [1, 'How much was it again? for the price it looks really solid. if u add the prison to the back it looks REAL good.'], [-1, "Well i only know the European Price: 89.99 Euros I think that's quiet expensive against the 2005 Police Station (7237): 74.99 Euros - RupeeClock"], [0, "RupeeClock, on Nov 21 2007, 01:13 PM, said: Well i only know the European Price: 89.99 Euros I think that's quiet expensive against the 2005 Police Station (7237): 74.99 Euros - RupeeClock U.S. price is $89.99. Already for pre-order at Amazon."], [1, 'Hello, Well as this is my first review I hope you like it. The 7744 police station is simply fanstastic. The many minifigs and the vehicles makes it really nice. The great playabillaty and and great space makes it great for children I think. But latest but not least the pics! General Overview: The Front of the Box: The Back of the Box: Inside the Box: Top of the box: Instructions: The Minifigs: The Cars: Patrol Car: Dog Car: The Dog: The Motor: Well now the Police Station : The Mailbox: The Crime Report Room: The Handcuffs holder: Handcuff: Suspect who wears handcuffs: Jails: Satelite: Little Things: Water Machiene: And if you don?t like water, we have coffee to!: Well and as last: The interrogation room: Well this was the review. I hope you liked it! Bye'], [1, 'Thank you very much for the review, THE-FORCE! The new police station looks great! I really like its lovely interior - amazing! By the way: I have a question: Are there any beds, tables or/and seats for the prisoners in their cells?'], [1, 'Klaus-Dieter, on Nov 23 2007, 11:34 PM, said: Thank you very much for the review, THE-FORCE! The new police station looks great! I really like its lovely interior - amazing! By the way: I have a question: Are there any beds, tables or/and seats for the prisoners in their cells? i just saw a toilet bowl in the prison cell from one of the box pics. well, from the last police station.. there should be a bed inside the cell. There are graffiti on the walls inside the cell too.. haha.. cute. :-$'], [0, 'Klaus-Dieter, on Nov 23 2007, 04:34 PM, said: Thank you very much for the review, THE-FORCE! The new police station looks great! I really like its lovely interior - amazing! By the way: I have a question: Are there any beds, tables or/and seats for the prisoners in their cells? Yes a bed, a toilet, a toiletroll and a yellow cup of water. I wanted to take a pic of that but it was impossible.'], [1, "Hooray assuming from the picture on the box we will also be getting the old police car and bike in blue aswell! I really like this set it seems the best police station we've had in a long time and what a great amount of figures! Thanks for this great insight the-force! ;-)"], [1, "It's mine *wub*! Just got my Luke today from TRU in in Merrilville, IN... ;-)! So here's some pictures and thoughts: Still in the packing with the box Pieces out in the fresh air Put together, ready for some serious Vader vacking >:-)! If you this close you're so dead!! It's yet another lovely maquette *wub*! The only downside is that the LEGO SW sign doesn't even resemble (ok, I've exagurating a bit :'-)) the ones from the other maquettes! Check out this one from the Blackhole Trooper compared with the Luke one: The Luke one is has a massproduced look over it with just a printing |-/ , the other has depth & a painting on it. Now I'm waiting for the long overdue Boba one! Here's the other maquettes reviewed: Darth Vader & Stormie Blackhole Stormie Maquettes On copmike"], [0, "Excellent review copmike! I feel as if I've actually seen the maquette up close in real life. X-D I swear I've even touched it. Tack for sharing min kompis! *sweet*"], [1, 'Awesome! These maquettes are really cool, thanks for the review! *y* ~Peace'], [1, 'Very nice, thanks for these cool pictures! *y*'], [1, "Beautiful...I'm really trying to resist these. Any word on who's next after Boba Fett? A C-3PO/R2-D2 pair would probably push me over the edge."], [1, 'Verry cool, love it, what was the price?'], [-1, "???theriddler???, on Nov 22 2007, 03:35 PM, said: Verry cool, love it, what was the price? It's $69.99 + tax :'-(! Boba On copmike"], [-1, "copmike, on Nov 22 2007, 04:09 PM, said: It's $69.99 + tax :'-(! Boba On copmike Golly gee, Batman! That's too expensive for that, in my view."], [1, "Finally, the highly anticipated Luke Skywalker Maquette! I'm still looking forward to that Boba!"], [1, "Thanks to this information. It's interesting for me. :-)"], [0, 'thanks for the cool picture! How big are those Maquettes? Could you make a picture with a minifig next to the maquette please?'], [-1, 'Ah yes, I saw a whole shelf of them in my TRU(touched it too!) Too small, and WAY overpriced. Waste of miney. The luke is 6" high! What is that?!?! Great review! Edited by ~VBBN~, 22 November 2007 - 11:19 PM.'], [-1, 'Wow i went to my local toysrus and apparently they had some there dont really like them but there neat:)'], [-1, 'Not my thing, but a very nice review, thanks for sharing it! I was seriously considering this one when it was originally announced as a 6212 copack item at a particularly good price and then everything changed. I do, however, seriously ache to get my hands on one of the more traditionally LEGO looking 2ft+ Vaders they use in the official stores (at least they had one here in Orlando). *wub*'], [0, "Nice review. How's the head made attached to the body?"], [0, 'Is there also a boba Fett maquette?? If y please a pic??!!? Thanks!'], [0, "While it isn't my style, it looks pretty cool. Thanks for sharing! *sweet*"], [0, 'Can you swap head? and coler on the saber?'], [0, 'if you have other heads and other lightsaber blades, yes :)'], [1, "During the annual Thanksgiving Road Trip to the relatives, I stopped by the TRU in Portland, OR. Lo and behold, the new Mars Mission sets! Obviously, I bought them. ;-) The box: Not much to say. Standard box art for MM sets, nothing new. The parts: Some good parts here. Even if you don't like the set (Which I highly doubt after I've had my say :-P ), it's a decent parts pack. I noticed that some old parts have been renewed. I know the wheel has been used in the '07 sets, but the cockpit and hitch I haven't seen in a while. The VLDSS (Very large DSS). Grr. New part. At least, I think it is. Someone slap me if it isn't. *wacko* The figs. I know I've seen that head before, but I have no idea where. Does anyone know? I was hoping that the aliens would have new arms, at least. I was sadly mistaken... On the upside, I finally discovered that they glow in the dark. :-$ The alien has a jetpack. If that's not the silliest thing I've ever seen, I don't know what is. The build. Simple build. A block. So easy a caveman cou- oh, never mind. Geico's used that one enough. Then, we have this jobber right here. Not sure what it is, but it looks like some crystal scanning device. It's starting to look pretty nice. It almost looks practical. The cockpit is suffering from a bad dose of over-stickering. On the upside, we have a new piece there to hold the cockpit on. Part 1 complete. It has a nice little radio antenna, which is ruined by the use of a random missile that looks like it's going to shoot the antenna before it shoots the alien. Still, I never say no to a good missile I can use for something else. The trailer: Fairly simple, but it works. It features stabilizing arms, a handheld saw, and an extremely random mini-bot who's purpose escapes me. The Whole Meal Deal- Erm, general pics. Overall, I thought this was a good set. In fact, it reminds me of this:"], [1, "Finally we have seen the light!!! I've been waiting for a while deciding if I was gonna get this....well I've decided after that wonderful review I am! Good job reviewin!! *wub*"], [1, "Cool review, thanks!! :-D I personally think the minirobot is awesome, and (dare I say) cute! This was described on Amazon to be a mobile lab, I'm not seeing that. I do however see a crystal hauling vehicle. *sweet* Pretty cool, not as bad as previous sets. ~Peace"], [1, "very cool. i'm getting this one as soon as its in america! well maybe. depends on how much money I have."], [1, "Exo-builder59, on Nov 25 2007, 08:20 PM, said: Finally we have seen the light!!! I've been waiting for a while deciding if I was gonna get this....well I've decided after that wonderful review I am! Good job reviewin!! *wub* Thanks! iamded, on Nov 25 2007, 08:50 PM, said: Cool review, thanks!! :-D I personally think the minirobot is awesome, and (dare I say) cute! This was described on Amazon to be a mobile lab, I'm not seeing that. I do however see a crystal hauling vehicle. *sweet* Pretty cool, not as bad as previous sets. ~Peace I suppose it's cute, if you like that sort of thing... :-P As for the lab, It's hi-tech to examine a piece of dirt, so it's good. *y* Dark Sword Ragnarok, on Nov 25 2007, 09:05 PM, said: very cool. i'm getting this one as soon as its in america! well maybe. depends on how much money I have. It is. ;-) Quote I stopped by the TRU in Portland, OR"], [1, "i got most of the sets from '07, they're pretty cool."], [1, "Thanks for the review, it's a neat little set. I hope it comes to Australia sooner rather than later. That minifig head was also used in 7699 MT-101 so that may be why it seems familiar."], [0, 'bjboyle, on Nov 25 2007, 09:29 PM, said: =That minifig head was also used in 7699 MT-101 so that may be why it seems familiar. Ah. But I think where I did see it is the lego Magazine, in the article on Biff Barker.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review! *sweet* Aside from the fact that I like the model, this set has a few new and useful pieces so I will have to get it! *wub*'], [0, 'thanks for the review. I still will not get this set. Speechless about it'], [1, "A wonderful set and, perhaps, as close to Classic Space as possible. *y* Also there?s a great amount of very useful and interesting parts too like these round 'stabilizer' parts with clip.... :'-) There?s a complete different feeling with this new sets compared to the first MM ones.... 8-| Beside the a little more realistic aspects of it with the more enclosed cockpit (nearly with some controls.... ;-) ) it?s the overall more solid feeling I guess.... The other sets look pretty neat and fashionable at the surface, but their internal structure is much more hollow and useless with some studless technic beams and such stuff.... very shining, but hard and boring to MOD, just aimed for maximal cool looking box art and the rest went down for saving costs.... (beside that already pretty good 7692 Dropship that is). The only thing I don?t get with that is why the minirobot?s a one-armed one.... ach, Pirates on Mars I suppose.... X-D"], [1, 'that head might have been from rock raiders. lovely set, and a good review. jifel'], [0, "Hmm, not actually a bad set. Not high on my 'to buy' list, there're other things up there first, but definitely a possibility somewhere down the line. Thanks for the review."], [-1, 'Great review, but am I the only one who thinks this is a pretty homely looking vehicle? The small exploration robot is cool, but the large windscreen on the main vehicle reminds me about Jack Stone! I also think the bases of the vehicle parts are very basic and look almost unfinished with the holes and such. I think I will pass this one, even though the alien has a jet pack and there is the nice mini vehicle.'], [-1, "Tks for the great review MM ;-) Its always appreciated to have reviews of new set. Having said that I really don't see the point of that set and its such money and time wasted IMO. I don't like that theme apart the dropship and 6wheeler and that tiny vehicle doesn't do the trick for me. I see it as a really cheap excuse to try and please Classic Space fan with that horrendous MM graphics and what amazes me is that you guys loke that :-D Money saved On !! *yoda*"], [-1, "Ah, thanks so much again, Mr. M! This set looks great! I probably won't get this though. I hat MM as far as it goes. I agree with xwingyoda on this one. Does the minibots wheels move? Edited by ~VBBN~, 26 November 2007 - 10:34 PM."], [-1, 'xwingyoda, on Nov 26 2007, 09:25 PM, said: I see it as a really cheap excuse to try and please Classic Space fan with that horrendous MM graphics and what amazes me is that you guys loke that :-D *yoda* I guess you?re right but I just can?t help by looking at these pics there?s still a very satisfying smile of nostalgia on my face.... X-D'], [-1, "xwingyoda, on Nov 26 2007, 01:25 PM, said: Tks for the great review MM ;-) Its always appreciated to have reviews of new set. Having said that I really don't see the point of that set and its such money and time wasted IMO. I don't like that theme apart the dropship and 6wheeler and that tiny vehicle doesn't do the trick for me. I see it as a really cheap excuse to try and please Classic Space fan with that horrendous MM graphics and what amazes me is that you guys loke that :-D Money saved On !! *yoda* Poor *yoda* . Look on the bright side- At least it's not a mass of technic parts like the 6 wheeler. ;-)"], [-1, 'Excuse me?! A mass of technic parts? Wow, you better lock your doors tonight....'], [-1, "Exo-builder59, on Nov 26 2007, 05:54 PM, said: Excuse me?! A mass of technic parts? Wow, you better lock your doors tonight.... Uh oh. Don't get me wrong- I like the set, but the world's gone crazy when we need technic parts for the little bike. |-/"], [1, "Mr. Mandalorian, on Nov 26 2007, 09:05 PM, said: Uh oh. Don't get me wrong- I like the set, but the world's gone crazy when we need technic parts for the little bike. |-/ I agree with the Technic bike.... :-X I would be getting the set whenever you can. Edited by Exo-builder59, 29 November 2007 - 09:43 PM."], [-1, 'Thanks for another 08 review *y* This set is an attempt of a classic, but has failed Part pack on :-D Piranha (Jelly jetpack? :-| )'], [1, 'Piranha, on Nov 26 2007, 07:13 PM, said: (Jelly jetpack? :-| ) COme on, you have to admit that a jelly with a jetpack is funny. Pathetically so, any way. I might make a vig of this, involving a brick wall and plenty of trans-green peices. X-D'], [1, 'Mr. Mandalorian, on Nov 26 2007, 05:20 PM, said: COme on, you have to admit that a jelly with a jetpack is funny. Pathetically so, any way. I might make a vig of this, involving a brick wall and plenty of trans-green peices. X-D :-D Hilarious Actually.......However its imapled to it, so I guess its a suicide mission :-D Piranha'], [1, 'Thanks for posting the picture of this new MM set. When I first saw the Mars Mission sets I was a little apprehensive about the design and the aliens (They could have at least make movable arms :(), but anyways when I bought the small fighter I was totally hook. My fave set from the line is the mech.'], [1, 'During the annual Thanksgiving Road Trip to the relatives, I stopped by the TRU in Portland, OR. Lo and behold, the new Mars Mission sets! Predictably, I bought them. I present to you: the MX-41 Switch Fighter! Man, what a long name. The box: Standard MM. On the front, it shows the Fighter in flight mode, and a yellow note telling you that it transforms. The back shows three pictures showing it happen. The parts: Once I open the box, the first thing that comes out is a bent and rolled up instruction booklet, and I was forced to put it under a stack of beer books for an hour. Then, there\'s the DSS. Yes, two of the stickers do feature a cobra. I wonder why, because this set\'s decal should be a beatle. X-D Decent parts, nothing too special. Then, I noticed this little part. It\'s used for the flick-missiles, but I have no idea what else it would be used for. :-/ The Build: The alien ship: When I looked at the box art for this set, I was releived to see that the aliens don\'t have another curved-forward wing ship. Instead, they have this little beauty, which appears to be the Alien Mini Cooper- small and hot. *wub* Anyway, partially completed. Even if you don\'t like the set, it has some nice green flame peices, which work nicely for space laser swords. Fully completed. The only annoying bit about it is that the crystal-holding thing in front wobbles all over the place. The alien fits into it by way of impalement. It must hurt getting in and out. Switch fighter (cockpit): The set makes good use of the Alpha Team cockpit. For controls, it has a meagre handlebar that the astronaught can\'t even reach. The rear "shell" of the fighter starts out around the alien containment chamber. It\'s a bit odd that the containment chamber has an alien sticker, because the instruction booklet lists it as holding crystals. The crystal canister is held back by a technic pin. This is, without a doubt, the ugliest color arrangment EVER. Warning: Mass stickers. :-X The cockpit fits into grooves in the "shell". Then it clicks into place in a 1x1 brick with a horizontal clip. The wing "mechanism": The wing. For some reason, the body of the "mechanism" has a blue brick. *wacko* The wing and "mechanism" connect to prevent the fighter doing a nosedive while in tank mode. The wing "mechanism" completed: The underside: The body and wing connect by way of a miscolored red brick. I have no idea why it\'s red- black would bave been much, much better. Completed. Tank mode: All in all, this looks pretty neat. The wheel base is pretty short, but it\'s not bad. Transform! The set transforms neatly, if ungainly. Without "Anti-grav" support, it would fall forward on it\'s nose each time it transformed. Jet mode. It\'s all right, but it could be a bit better. The "shell" keeps slipping back forward to the "tank mode" because there\'s nothing to stop it sliding. Spare parts: Overall: I thought this set was great. It could do with some fixing, such as the mismatched colors, but it should be a definate buy for MM fans. Brickshelf Gallery (When available)'], [1, "cool review. I'm actually liking that new missile part as it seems to combine a bar with a pin. But it's a real eyesore if you ask me."], [0, '*wub* Thanks for another great review. *sweet* I am also glad that it is a very different alien fighter design as I already have three varients of the old type! The fighter transforms better than I thought it would; I was expecting just the wings. I should be buying this set as well... Mr. Mandalorian, on Nov 26 2007, 03:45 PM, said: Without "Anti-grav" support, it would fall forward on it\'s nose each time it transformed. Well, since anti-grav doesn\'t exist, and will never exist, there has to be another option! Looking at it in tank mode it does have a vague aerofoil shape so I think it should be able to work as a lifting body. All it needs to do then is move fast enough to start taking off and then it can extend the wings... 8-|'], [0, 'Great review! Sinner, on Nov 26 2007, 12:22 AM, said: Well, since anti-grav doesn\'t exist, and will never exist, there has to be another option! Looking at it in tank mode it does have a vague aerofoil shape so I think it should be able to work as a lifting body. All it needs to do then is move fast enough to start taking off and then it can extend the wings... 8-| This is clearly TLG officially supporting anti-grav technology...I mean think about it. "How can it support itself without anti-grav while transforming?" The answer? It can\'t *sweet* :-P'], [-1, 'Hmm, Its actually a nice bit better than I expected, and great review, thanks! But think ill pass on this one. I quite like the alien fighter though, heh. And loved the way you described how he sat in the cockpit.'], [1, "Very cool review, Mr. Mandalorian! This isn't a bad set, the alien craft is very sleek (if only they'd gone with the old alien body in trans-green...) and the transforming is alright. The tank mode looks sweet. *sweet* ~Peace"], [0, 'after seeing this set review it change my mind about this set. By the way thanks for the great review.'], [1, "Thanks for that very good review, Mr. Mandalorian! *y* I think that this is a plain beautiful set, oh how I wish that TLC would?ve taken that direction from the beginning.... :'-) The design is much more practicable, with fewer non-system parts and technic beams with(!) studs.... this makes everything much more easier to MOD and a lot more useful, at least IMO. *y* So it?s for sure not very hard to make the (wonderful enclosed) cockpit one brick higher, and even that little Alien Ship looks decent and nice.... X-O And the fighter looks sleek and elegant too, in both modes! That?s just very cool, compliments, TLC. Now all we need?re aliens with moving arms and here we go, Classic Space on forever! X-D"], [1, "Thanks for a very thorough review. I might think about getting this. I really like the mini alien fighter, and the transformation idea is always a welcome one. Both modes look pretty good, despite the some of the odd coloured bricks (which I'd MOD out). You know what it reminds me of? Some of the futuristic designs in the Gerry Anderson series."], [1, "Wow. This is actually quite a neat set! It is definitively my favorite in the line after the big drilling unit! \\begin{geek} I'm not sure it would nose dive when transforming from tank mode. I guess it would pick up speed and transform quickly since it doesn't seem to have any downwards pointing thrusters. \\end{geek}"], [1, 'friggin sweet, Thank you mr mandy for the reveiw of this sweet ship! *y* *wub*'], [-1, "hmmm, I doubt I'll be getting this set. Good review though."], [1, 'I really like the transforming aspect of this! The one thing I wish MM sets would include would be baseplates. I liked that about the classic space stuff because it really helped create the environment. Some "Red Rock Orange" Mars Baseplates would be great!'], [1, 'Hmmm, great review for a great set. *y*'], [1, "Thanks, guys! Lasse D, on Nov 26 2007, 08:54 AM, said: Wow. This is actually quite a neat set! It is definitively my favorite in the line after the big drilling unit! \\begin{geek} I'm not sure it would nose dive when transforming from tank mode. I guess it would pick up speed and transform quickly since it doesn't seem to have any downwards pointing thrusters. \\end{geek} I don't think that tank is very fast... Maybe if it drove off of a crater.... Commander Andrew of 501 st, on Nov 26 2007, 09:03 AM, said: friggin sweet, Thank you mr mandy for the reveiw of this sweet ship! *y* *wub* I see you know Imperialshadows. :'-( ;-)"], [0, "Lasse D, on Nov 26 2007, 04:54 PM, said: I'm not sure it would nose dive when transforming from tank mode. I guess it would pick up speed and transform quickly since it doesn't seem to have any downwards pointing thrusters. The one thing you'd have to make sure of, though, is that it was fairly light and the wheel base had a fairly large surface area (actually, that's two things), so as to make sure it didn't dig into the soil. If that happened, transformation would be harder as the wheels would dig into the ground and drag through the soil. Then it'd nose dive."], [-1, "Great review Mr Mandalorian! *y* I'm not a fan of MM and don't like this set much, but it has some neat features. But the only way I can see it transforming is by racing off a cliff and swinging its wings out *wacko* To the Brickmobile! >:-)"], [-1, 'and another tks and congrats MM on that review !! Like the o?her post I think that this set is a wastre of time and money and shelfspace. Its such a ripp off from that ugly Alfa Team crapjet. I do not like the design of the jet itself: the small flags as front is so lame !! And I don\'t like those orange wheels as engines !! Furthermore I don\'t like the "rover" mode either !! The only cool thing about it is the special martian jet which they should ahve sold separatly :-P At least some interesting parts but that far from saving that set IMO |-/ Money Saved On once again :-P *yoda*'], [1, 'john cleese, on Nov 25 2007, 10:56 PM, said: cool review. I\'m actually liking that new missile part as it seems to combine a bar with a pin. But it\'s a real eyesore if you ask me. A needed solution to those blasted flick missles from falling out while swooshing. *sweet* Wonder if the range might have an issue seeing it\'s held in there but who knows, maybe they now "pop" out with a greater velocity than a mere finger flick? I had resorted to technic 1/2 bushings (smooth) to lock in the missile\'s technic axle (with stud).'], [1, 'Great review, Mr. M! *y* I *wub* those green flames, and the design of the ship is pretty good. Thanks for the review, and great pictures! They are clear. big, and describe the set just the way they should.'], [0, "Mr. Mandalorian, on Nov 26 2007, 01:29 PM, said: I see you know Imperialshadows. :'-( ;-) Maybe X-D ;-)"], [-1, "Mr. Mandalorian, on Nov 26 2007, 09:29 PM, said: 1) Thanks, guys! 2) I don't think that tank is very fast... Maybe if it drove off of a crater.... 1) There will always be kudos for a good review at EB ;-) 2) Yeah. It does look quite slow and tank-like. It is a shame LEGO didn't make a more obvious way shoving what goes on. Brainbox, on Nov 26 2007, 10:15 PM, said: The one thing you'd have to make sure of, though, is that it was fairly light and the wheel base had a fairly large surface area (actually, that's two things), so as to make sure it didn't dig into the soil. If that happened, transformation would be harder as the wheels would dig into the ground and drag through the soil. Then it'd nose dive. You mean the ungainly way in which the wheels have to turn in order to change from tank mode? I think you are right as well. On the other hand. If it has anti-grav, then it doesn't really make sense to have wheels as well. I mean. If the power goes, then the wheels can't turn anyways!"], [-1, 'Mr. Mandalorian, on Nov 26 2007, 05:45 AM, said: The wing. For some reason, the body of the "mechanism" has a blue brick. *wacko* I think blue must be a cheaper color for Lego... Steve'], [1, 'konas2002, on Nov 26 2007, 05:21 PM, said: I really like the transforming aspect of this! The one thing I wish MM sets would include would be baseplates. I liked that about the classic space stuff because it really helped create the environment. Some "Red Rock Orange" Mars Baseplates would be great! That?s a really fine idea and would for sure be very cool.... *y*'], [-1, "Lasse D, on Nov 26 2007, 03:34 PM, said: 1) There will always be kudos for a good review at EB ;-) 2) Yeah. It does look quite slow and tank-like. It is a shame LEGO didn't make a more obvious way shoving what goes on. You mean the ungainly way in which the wheels have to turn in order to change from tank mode? I think you are right as well. On the other hand. If it has anti-grav, then it doesn't really make sense to have wheels as well. I mean. If the power goes, then the wheels can't turn anyways! It must have anti-grav. Otherwise, NONE of the flying sets would work... Athos, on Nov 26 2007, 04:02 PM, said: I think blue must be a cheaper color for Lego... Steve I think this is weird. TLC included way too many random colors. Blue, red, green, and yellow... *wacko*"], [1, '8115 Dark Panther review Check out my review of this great new Exo-Force set. Comic and rating will be up shortly! And hopefully more reviews too... :-)'], [1, 'Yes, finally!!!! Hinckley youre the best!! Is there a chance I can ever be in one of your ever so loved comics? I just read it and so far so good in the 08 EF line. Looking forward to the rest of the review! Edited by Exo-builder59, 27 November 2007 - 04:04 AM.'], [0, "So Hinckley, can you give us a hint on what our walrus friend will do with the Dark Panther? I can't wait to see. 8-|"], [1, "awesome. i can't wait to get my hands on this one."], [1, "Great review Hinckley! I know you've been busy, so thank you so much for getting this up! :-D The spine construction is clever, the minirobot's cool, this is a fantastic set! ~Peace"], [1, "Sweeeet. *wub* It's nice to finally see a set that's not bipedal or (?) Tripedal. Quote Exo-Force is an anomaly in my LEGO interests. I don't know why I like it so much or why I keep buying it but I do. That would be a problem, wouldn't it? :-P Quote The cockpit itself is constructed very well but the canopy seems like an afterthought, closing on to the robot's head and leaving his back and sides completely exposed. I dunno. At least it has a canopy, unlike past sets.."], [1, "Thanks Hinckley! It's always nice to see your reviews, and I can't wait to see the story mode (from the pic, I guess it will include Sinner and Hinckley, instead of Bianca and Gavin, right? 8-| ) LuxorV"], [1, "Thanks for this fantastic review Hinckley, I can't wait to see the comic! :'-) I REALLY love this mech as I am a fan of non-bipedal mechs (though I am terrible at making them), the purple is great and I can't wait to see what MOCers will use those awesome new spike peices for! 3 robots in one mech is a really good deal too, and that spider droid just adds so much more to the set. And thanks for taking the time to do this! *sweet* Not to sound like a smartypants though, but the grill peice in purple is not the first time this has happened, two were included in the 06 Joker Helicopter ;-) Thanks again! To the Brickmobile! >:-)"], [1, 'Awesome Reveiw thanks for the pics!! Did the instructions come with a comic?'], [1, "Thanks for that very neat review, Hinckley! *y* This set looks indeed very interesting, with a very cool antlike look and a simple but essential overall design. The cockpit seems better protected than many other EF ones, that spine?s lovely and the way these Iron Drones?re attached is simple but effective. :-) And hey, did I miss something or?re there really no crappy shooting devices...? :-P Thanks to the minirobots and their inventor I guess.... :'-)"], [0, 'Great Review! *y* I am sure to get this set for parts now. His legs dont look very poseable... :-/ Thanks Hinck! ~VBBN~'], [1, "Great review as always, Hinckley. Frankly I'm in love with this thing. So much so, in fact, that I've been calling it 'Shadow Panther' for weeks, but never mind... Anyway, why do I like it? Well, purple is such a fantastic Lego colour- it's sparingly used, which makes it interesting, and it simply looks great. Those jetpack/backpack things the robots are wearing, and if they are jetpacks, as the back of the box suggests, then the use of chaisaws is quite nifty and innovative. The minibot is cool, and certainly an interesting gimmick. Sure, they don't look quite as good in some of the other sets, but here it looks great. The overall structure and design are cool too. It's always nice to see an 'irregular' mech, and this is no exception. It's especially cool whee the spines are concerned. Plus, on top of all that, it's got a nice selection of parts, including some lovely new ones, and the inlaid box is interesting. Well worth getting, I think."], [1, "Another fantastic review, Hinckley. I really like this set, I wasn't to keen on it when I first saw the pictures bit having seen the review, I am starting to like it. It seems quite sturdy, and it makes a change from the usual 2 legged mechs. As well as that purple is welcome anywhere, I have such a shortage of that colour! I like the rusty orange colour of the robots, and their back/jet packs are quite cool, and the mini robot looks sweet."], [0, "Thanks everyone! I'm glad you are enjoying the review. I'm working on the 8118 right now and will have comics up for both starting tonight. Hayatoson, on Nov 27 2007, 04:02 AM, said: Awesome Reveiw thanks for the pics!! Did the instructions come with a comic? The instructions do not have a comic, but I always write one for my reviews featuring my sig-fig or other Fabuland creatures interacting with the new set..."], [0, "Hinckley, on Nov 27 2007, 07:47 PM, said: Thanks everyone! I'm glad you are enjoying the review. I'm working on the 8118 right now and will have comics up for both starting tonight. The instructions do not have a comic, but I always write one for my reviews featuring my sig-fig or other Fabuland creatures interacting with the new set... Translation: Interacting=Whacking! Fabuland creatures: Sinner, Copmike and Yoda usually! X-D ;-)"], [0, "Don't forget Bianca and Gavin, o' Lordship of Pies! :-D Truly another excellent review! The pictures are absolutely splendid, as usual! I'm really glad those air-vent pieces were done so well. While I remain skeptical about the new giant spikes, you've sold me on this set! I can't wait to see the Fabuland comic and your final verdict, Hink!"], [0, 'Whenever I click on any of the thumbnails, I get an error.'], [0, "KMOI, on Nov 27 2007, 11:12 PM, said: Don't forget Bianca and Gavin, o' Lordship of Pies! :-D Truly another excellent review! The pictures are absolutely splendid, as usual! I'm really glad those air-vent pieces were done so well. While I remain skeptical about the new giant spikes, you've sold me on this set! I can't wait to see the Fabuland comic and your final verdict, Hink! Me too!!! ;-)"], [1, "That's a very interesting set... and with all that purple a must buy. I decided recently that I am going to resist buying Lego unless it's on sale next year, but I have so little purple.... 8-| I love the little robot! :-P Thanks for the photos Hinckley and I look forward to the comic! *sweet* (As Sir Dillon said, some of the links appear dead but I suspect it is a server error... :-/ )"], [0, 'I too got an error message when clicking on the images, but the text links work correctly 8-| I wonder which way Gavin will meet his death this time :-D LuxorV'], [0, 'Thanks for pointing that out guys. It should work now... :-$'], [0, "8118 Hybrid Rescue Tank Review Enjoy guys! I am working on more. Maybe we'll have the 8112 Battle Arachnoid next. The comics will be around eventually. Sorry for all the delays and the teasing. I appreciate your patience!!"], [0, "Hah screw patience! You're the best Hink! I can't wait for the comics. Edited by Exo-builder59, 28 November 2007 - 03:02 AM."], [1, 'sweet. caant wait for all of these sets to show up in the u.s.'], [0, 'Great Almost finished review *y* Thanks for doing these, since you are probably busy However my favorite part is missing, The comic!! :-D Interesting set, however I never liked exoforce but I like the parts Wait On! Piranha'], [0, 'Dark Sword Ragnarok, on Nov 27 2007, 08:08 PM, said: sweet. caant wait for all of these sets to show up in the u.s. uh... he got that in the US.'], [0, "From the LEGO Store in Chicago, if I recall his post properly! My goodness Hink, you're going to pull an all-nighter for reviews at this rate! Oh well, it's kinda worth it, right? :-P"], [1, 'Another great review, Hink! Looks like a great set. Quote The cockpit isn\'t sealed and is actually aggravatingly unrealistic as it leaves the drivers chest vulnerable to enemy fire. Actually the cockpit lacks any controls as seen here where it looks like Keiken is simply pounding a counter demanding food. :-D "Gimme food! Or else my friend up there willl shoot your punk- @$$ into mars!" Well, I guess that explains why there are no robot snipers in EF. If there were, well.... Wouldn\'t be much of a story, would there? X-D'], [0, "Darnit, Hinckley! >:-( You always make us wait for the comic, which is almost everyones favorite part! >:-( |-/ X-D I just noticed Ryos uniform had a camo pattern. With all the orange he has, it's kinda pointless. Edited by Lt. Veers, 28 November 2007 - 04:48 AM."], [0, "this designers were on a roll with this one until it came to the flying unit. It looks like a shambles, epecially the guns looking rather simplistic. Although they used something similar to the light and sound globe peice, which is kind of neat. I dont think I'll be buying this but your review almost talked me into it."], [0, "john cleese, on Nov 27 2007, 11:26 PM, said: this designers were on a roll with this one until it came to the flying unit. It looks like a shambles, epecially the guns looking rather simplistic. Although they used something similar to the light and sound globe peice, which is kind of neat. I dont think I'll be buying this but your review almost talked me into it. Cool! But my reviews are not meant to sway anyone. They should just inform people further as if they want to buy it or not. I am not necessarily for encouraging anyone to buy every set I review. :-D But I'm glad you liked it. Thank you. And actually I did feel the same way you did about the flying module, until I put Sinner in it and started to play. Here's a sneak peek of the comic and a cool feature of Ryo's ship-it can be configured in a lot of different ways:"], [1, 'This one is much better than I thought; I didn\'t expect the gun and the "turret" to be geared! I agree that a lot of the details sux (hollow inside, lame cockpits...) but as an overall package it looks quite good. The best part is.... no shooter! Is the nightmare finally over? :\'-) The bonus robot is a much better idea. The large amount of blue pieces make this a must buy for me as Impartial needs more raw materials! :-P How well do the tracks work? The last tank was too light and it didn\'t roll well at all. :-/ Thanks for these photos as well Hinckley. *wub* So far the 08 Exo-Force sets are looking good! *sweet* Hinckley, on Nov 28 2007, 04:48 PM, said: And actually I did feel the same way you did about the flying module, until I put Sinner in it and started to play. :-P Wow! It\'s big enough for my big walrus head! *wub*'], [0, "Sinner, on Nov 28 2007, 12:53 AM, said: How well do the tracks work? The last tank was too light and it didn't roll well at all. :-/ It's similar in weight but I didn't have to press down so hard to get the treads to move, barely at all, really. I think the Mobile Defense Tank, although a better overall design, suffered from the odd angle of the treads and that was mostly why the treads didn't turn well. Plus, what was with those weird exhaust pipes?? Anyway, they are both cool tanks although I like the Mobile Defense Tank better... :-)"], [1, 'Thank you for the glimps at the new set Hinckley *y* . I saw this set today at my local TRU store. The new slope 1x2 pieces look very *sweet* . I definitly see great potential for these pieces on locomotives. I hope these are going to be bountiful in the 2008 lines. Model On!!'], [-1, "Fantastic! Great review, thanks a bunch for all the pics, they've shown me how (in my opinion) bad this set is. :-P I just expected it to be more bricky rather than technicy. Oh well, I wasn't planning on buying it anyway. X-D I noticed you spelt mini-figs mini-fgis in the first paragraph, in case you wanted to know. X-D So again, thanks, and I'm looking forward to seeing the rest of them, and the comics! ~Peace"], [1, "Hinckley, on Nov 28 2007, 06:48 AM, said: Cool! But my reviews are not meant to sway anyone. They should just inform people further as if they want to buy it or not. I am not necessarily for encouraging anyone to buy every set I review. :-D But I'm glad you liked it. Thank you. oh I know but without the info I definately wouldnt buy it, now I'm considering it. Hinckley, on Nov 28 2007, 06:48 AM, said: And actually I did feel the same way you did about the flying module, until I put Sinner in it and started to play. Here's a sneak peek of the comic and a cool feature of Ryo's ship-it can be configured in a lot of different ways: X-O ........................................ Sinner fits in there. Well, I'm sold. X-D"], [1, "Thanks for this great review Hinckley! :'-) I know you're loving this attention! X-D :-P I actually like this set, and like it a lot more now that I've seen this review. I'll most likely get, mostly for the figs and parts. I reckon it would look a lot better alongside the rest of the 2008 EF mechs. Anyway, thanks for the review! To the Brickmobile! >:-)"], [0, "Thanks for this other great review, Hinckley *y* ! You sure you don't work as one of TLC's PRs? X-D ;-) Everytime I see one of your reviews I want to buy the set, and that is sweet to me, but bad for my money 8-| LuxorV"], [1, 'Thanks for that good review, Hinckley. *y* A really interesting set and a turning point for LEGO. Minirobots instead of shooting crap, pretty cool. I hope the kids?ll like it too. For the design, I love that asymmetrical look of the front part and the sleek guns of the flyer. It?s smart that the gatling gun moves along with the tank, too. The set idea with two vehicles in one?s not new, but very play- able and the treads/big wheel design?s cool. I don?t like the use of studless technic beams, but well, they do their job I guess. And Keiken?s cockpit should be easy to improve....'], [0, "Asuka, on Nov 28 2007, 02:41 PM, said: For the design, I love that asymmetrical look of the front part and the sleek guns of the flyer. The asymmetry reminds me of the Wookie vehicles in StarWars Battlegrounds... *y* And I see they changed back to the first color schemes for minifig suits, which I think where better than the dark suits of 2007 (except for Hikaru's *wub* ) LuxorV"], [0, "Can't wait for the extended review!! ;-)"], [0, 'Thank you for the review Hinckley :-) Already waiting for the comic X-D'], [1, "Some of you might know that I'm not a big fan of exo-force, but this set is an exception. This looks like a futurist tank. My kids would love this.... if I should have any :-D As always, very professional review Hinckley!"], [0, "I think this is probably my least favourite set of next years selection, but I still might get it, partly because of this review (thanks, btw). I quite like the mini-robot, and while there are a few problems (the front cockpit, the exposed axles) I relish the idea of MODing them out, and correcting them. And the change back to the original figs is welcome. I didn't really get any of this years sets, only last years. Makes it easier from a MOCing potential, anyway."], [1, 'crap! >:-( now i have to spend all my money on this! *wub* *wub* and whats the code? oh well, awesome set, and judt curios, didnt the reviewers used to be bianca and gavin? jifel'], [0, "jifel, on Dec 2 2007, 08:37 AM, said: crap! >:-( now i have to spend all my money on this! *wub* *wub* and whats the code? oh well, awesome set, and judt curios, didnt the reviewers used to be bianca and gavin? jifel Yes they did! *sweet* I like using me and Sinner better, though. I have put Fabuland Housewives on the back burner for a while, but plan to revive it for the first season conclusion in January. It's nice to see that there are people who really follow it out there. Thanks! :-$"], [0, "8112 Battle Arachnoid Review I've opted to do another set review instead of getting the comics up. I don't want anyone to beat me to the reviews. So, thanks for your patience and enjoy the review. The comics will be up in due time. Thanks! :-$"], [1, "Thanks for this new review, Hinckley *wub* For me, it was love at fistr sight with this little set :-P It's simple but nice, and way better than Shadow Crawler for a spider-like mech *y* You sure will be very busy these days, and your characters will get breakdown before they finish filming all the comics X-D LuxorV"], [1, 'Thanks for that neat review of a very nice set. The color scheme?s great and that minirobot looks very comical and funny indeed, sweet! *sweet*'], [1, "Awesome! Thanks Hinckley! I was not planning to get this set but now it look as if I will have too. (I still cannot afford it anyway) :'-("], [1, "i would agree. the spider looks really cool. too bad we can't see how the combo mech looks like. instructions are not online yet. :-/ there should be another combo mech but you'll need the storm lasher set. :-P"], [1, "Hinkley, you are the MAN! Your reviews just keep on getting better and better! Although all of the sets this year are great and I love them all to bits, I can't say there was one that I absolutely felt like something I'd buy except for the Storm Lasher. But with this review, I think this will be the first purchase of 2008 for me! I totally agree with you on how the Spider looks better without Mini-robot. But from looking at where the cockpit is placed and how the skull on the cockpit is lodged underneath the walker, maybe the mini-robot would look better mounted underneath the head? That way it looks more even and even gives the thing a nasty set of teeth! I gotta try it out once I get it. Can't wait for the Fabuland comics! Keep it up, Hink!"], [0, "Hinckley, on Dec 6 2007, 04:56 AM, said: honckly? wow, dude. :-/ Well, at least you got the c and the k. Of course, the e is missing. It's all right though. Eight letter words can be challenging :-P That's always the case for me. Although, I have the Assault Tiger and will start on it next. On the box it looks like it is wearing huge bell bottoms. :-D I want to get the Chameleon Hunter, I really like the look of it and forgot to pick it up. Guess I'll have to go back to TRU! :-$ Cross your fingers that I find more Indy sets! X-D i'll just stick to calling you hink *y* (less letters :-D )"], [0, 'zero1312, on Dec 5 2007, 05:27 PM, said: Wow, nice review. *y* But I have a question: Where can I find these "ork sets" everyone is refering to because of these swords in the rotors. :-/ Are you talking about the Dwarves Mine? *sweet*'], [1, 'cool! another *y* *y* *y* *y* *y* *y* out of *y* *y* *y* *y* *y* and could you post a pic of all the minirobots and planes'], [-1, "thanks for the review, although I still have no intentions of buying this, it's neat to know what's inside, the build etc... (the etc being the comic ;-) X-D ) It's wierd because I dont know what it is I dont like about this set."], [-1, 'Exo-builder59, on Dec 6 2007, 01:30 AM, said: Are you talking about the Dwarves Mine? *sweet* Yes, when in 2008 do these sets come to Germany? :-/'], [1, "Oh, I just *wub* theat mini-bot. Creepy, but strangely cute... Nice piece selection, and the idea of something with rotors that double up as cutters storming (no pun intended) through the jungle ripping it apart is just fantastic (to me, anyway). I'm liking the new swords as rotors blades, that's pretty innovative, and the exhaust pipe pieces are intriguing."], [1, 'Thanks for the review, Hinckley! I like the set it looks good, and all those ork swords..... *wub*'], [0, 'zero1312, on Dec 6 2007, 09:48 AM, said: Yes, when in 2008 do these sets come to Germany? :-/ Um I do not know, I live in the U.S.A. *sweet*'], [0, 'Exo-builder59, on Dec 6 2007, 11:11 PM, said: Um I do not know, I live in the U.S.A. *sweet* Sorry, my bad! :-/'], [1, 'Here is my review of the set 6265 Sabre Island! Overview: Sabre Island was release in 1990 an it contained 92 pieces and its retail price was $15.50. It comes with 3 Imperial Blue coats, and a nice outpost for them. The pictures + full review: Anyway, you can see here a picture of the box, the model shown on the box differs from the actual model slightly. ...And the back of the box, which shows some nice alternative models from the pieces provided. A close up of two or three of the alternative models. And now for the minifigs. I prefer the Red coats over the Blue coats but these minifigs are nice, and for the number of pieces one gets a fair amount of them. The set itself makes a nice small outpost, it comes complete with a palm tree, a cannon (with ammo) on a turntable, a small tower a nice large Imperial flag and a little red row boat! Here is a shot from ground level showing the cannon and Blue coat (patrolling the out post!) The rowing boat was a nice touch, and it comes with a small flag too. "No Pirates will avoid the wrath of myself and my mighty Island!" The top of the tower is rather plain and simple which in some ways is good, as it keeps the whole set detailed yet not crowded, but I feel a little something should of been added to the top though. The back is lacking any type of walls, so one can play with the minifigs inside, yet their are also no stairs or any other ways for the Blue Coats to climb up their tower either! The rag tag pirates attack Sabre Island! But never fear, The Lord Of Pies is here! Me throwing a pie at Captain Ironhook from another angle. Overall I think this is a very good, if somewhat simple set, and makes a great cheap Imperial set! Comments, thoughts and Opinions are welcome! (And sorry about the darkness in some photos, I have not had time to take photographs when it is till light recently, for when I return home it is dark |-/ ) Edit: Fixed, Thank you! Edited by Phred, 12 April 2015 - 05:14 AM.'], [1, "Fantastic review! I'll post my views on the set later when I have more time. But I've already fixed the poll."], [1, "Nice review! Hmm...I gave it a 4...Why? Very good bits: -3 epaulettes for 3 gurads! -Patterned wall parts -Cannon Bad bits: -No pirates to fight -Title is rather grand for an outpost -Top needs battlements, not very low lattices -Needs a more substantial base - the wall goes right into the sea! - Surely the whole thing would sink... -Palm tree is too short ...and the rest is good! :-P You might want to fix the vote option for 5 - it appears to be the title; you can't vote for it... Pirate King Skelly Killer Edit: OK, Boney, but I gave it a 4! Edited by SlyOwl, 06 December 2007 - 07:32 PM."], [0, "Bonaparte, on Dec 6 2007, 07:29 PM, said: Fantastic review! I'll post my views on the set later when I have more time. But I've already fixed the poll. Thanks, Bonaparte! Thank you for the comments people!"], [1, "You even have the box! Splendid review. I also own this one, and I think there's nothing to complain about. (more figs would be appreciated though, a sneaky pirate perhaps) 4 out of 5!"], [1, 'Thanks for that nice review, it?s a 5 for me.... just a great little Blue coats set, perfect for army and fortress building. *sweet*'], [1, 'I remember buying this set and thinking what an amazing job LEGO had done. It was my first Pirate set and I still have it built. *sweet*'], [1, 'I gave it a 5, it has some nice pieces at a reasonable price. Thanks for this review, and the pictures are great! *sweet*'], [1, 'Thank you for the comments! *sweet* I wonder who voted "1", surely such a nice set doesn\'t deserve such a low score!? *wacko*'], [1, "It's not a bad thing to vote Sabre Island 1 if someone feels that it's genuinely worth 1 but t'would be interesting to know why."], [1, "Mister Phes, on Dec 8 2007, 07:47 PM, said: It's not a bad thing to vote Sabre Island 1 if someone feels that it's genuinely worth 1but t'would be interesting to know why. I do see your point Mr Phes, but 1? I would like to know why he/she thinks Sabre Island is worth so little!"], [1, "I gave this one a 5. It's one of the little pirate sets I had during my youth and I loved it for several reasons. First of all, it contains 2 of my favorite minifigs! It can be used as a small independent base or in combination with one of the bigger sets (Eldorado or Trading posts) as a lookup or outer defense. Besides all that, this set just looks beautiful. I love the colors (blue baseplate and the white/yellow tower). One of the best little/medium sized sets ever made by Lego!"], [1, 'I give it a 4, only because there are no pirates. I aways loved this set, nice little fortifaction. Lots of details. I only wish I could have worked it in Aberbrick.'], [0, 'Remind us what Aberbrick is Mr Radar... Or better still give us a link and give your MOC plug X-D'], [0, 'Bonaparte, on Dec 8 2007, 09:40 PM, said: I gave this one a 5. *snip* It can be used as a small independent base or in combination with one of the bigger sets (Eldorado or Trading posts) as a lookup or outer defense.*snip* I hope that when I got Eldorado Fortress for Christmas (The one I got for ?25) I can somehow combine the two to make a single larger base. I will post pics of the results one day if all goes to plan.'], [0, "Mister Phes, on Dec 8 2007, 08:18 PM, said: Remind us what Aberbrick is Mr Radar... Or better still give us a link and give your MOC plug X-D Ah you mean Aberbrick I'm going to update too"], [1, 'Lord Of Pies, on Dec 6 2007, 08:24 PM, said: But never fear, The Lord Of Pies is here! Me throwing a pie at Captain Ironhook from another angle. LOL (somehow I cannot add a clickeble Smilie) I never had this set when I was young, but I bought it some years ago second hand. It is a nice in between piratesoldierset and I like it very much.'], [0, 'Lord Of Pies, on Dec 6 2007, 07:24 PM, said: The top of the tower is rather plain and simple which in some ways is good, as it keeps the whole set detailed yet not crowded, but I feel a little something should of been added to the top though. Perhaps a catapult? Steve'], [0, "Athos, on Jan 2 2008, 10:59 PM, said: Perhaps a catapult? Steve Hmm, maybe, although a catapult doesn't really fit in to that time period all that well."], [0, "Did I hear right? A catapult in the 16th/17th/18th and 19th centuries? *wacko* Perhaps it's an appeal for Lord of Pies to have his own personal catapult to pelt the pirates with whipped cream pastries should they try to sail past. But this begs the question... why waste perfectly good pie on those scurvy, mangy, mutt-faced villians!"], [0, "Col. Whipstick, on Jan 3 2008, 12:37 AM, said: Did I hear right? A catapult in the 16th/17th/18th and 19th centuries? *wacko* Perhaps it's an appeal for Lord of Pies to have his own personal catapult to pelt the pirates with whipped cream pastries should they try to sail past. But this begs the question... why waste perfectly good pie on those scurvy, mangy, mutt-faced villians! What a wonderful idea.... :-P A pie catapult! Although it is a waste of a pie....we have ourselves a dilemma!"], [1, 'I liked the set, but It could have done more, plus the strange price of 15.50 just seems odd. must be the modern pricing systems *wacko* Another rowboat with a pirate would have been good *y* *y* *y* out of *y* *y* *y* *y* *y*'], [0, "Lord Of Pies, on Jan 3 2008, 08:51 PM, said: What a wonderful idea.... :-P A pie catapult! Although it is a waste of a pie....we have ourselves a dilemma! There's plenty of stale, moldy old, maggot infested grog around Eldorado Fortress, perhaps that's worth wasting on the scurvy sea-dogs afterall my men have taken to eating only coconuts brought by Islander girls in their skimpy undies! X-D"], [1, 'its a fantastic set, cant think of anything wrong with it to be honest, even if the island is a bit small, the plate itself is still useful, and the rest of it is also very useful, walls can go toward a bigger fort, cannon can extend your ship, soldiers extend your army, boat extends err your boats, and the island prin is just cool'], [1, 'Its a nice set. I would not mind owning one, just for the minifigs and cannon. The base plate is pretty cool as well. Nice review, I gave it a 4 out of 5.'], [1, 'INDEXED I\'m going to have to start dodging cannon balls soon if i don\'t start making some pirate mocs. *pirate* Anywayz, I\'ve had my Shell Service Station set # 6378 built exactly by "the book" and sitting around for the longest time. With the recent twinning of my "town" with Dr. Sinister, I needed a gas station that could handle a lot more traffic (especially military traffic and these new 6-wide vehicles X-D ). Here be a thumblink to the original station at BL: I love this station so much, but it really needed some modernization. The reopening of this station received a lot of attention, even the local police stopped right over. One big upgrade to this station is the selling of propane tanks, which is generally a rare commodity from the lego towns i\'ve seen. X-D Also at this service station is a propane tank refilling station. The milkman is our first propane customer. The interior has also had an addition and many upgrades. For instance, this building now has florescent lighting, a big frig in the back, and more shelf space. *y* Oh look! there\'s the officer purchasing a mountain dew. Now that there\'s more shelf space, we can sell more than just 1x1 round yellow bricks and levers. We now have available 1x1 round plates and 1x1 round cones available in multiple colors! :-D With this upgraded gas station, hopefully this town will bring in more business and customers into my small town. X-D P'], [1, ':\'-) I really love everything you did with this gas station. It looks very cozy!!! Amazing how you said you built it by the book, does that mean you didn\'t have the set but you used your own pieces to rebuild the thing? The flourescent lighting is genius! And the interior space looks just like what you\'d see at those little shops. I really dig the moc ;-) it gives me good ideas and now I want a gas station of my own :-P And the history behind how it was "rebuilt" and how it will improve business etc is so cool *wub*'], [1, "legobear, on Dec 8 2007, 11:32 PM, said: ... does that mean you didn't have the set but you used your own pieces to rebuild the thing? ... Thanx legobear. It means that i have the complete set and have kept it complete until yesterday X-D Since i like the set so much, i wanted to keep the general look of it :-) P Edited by phred, 09 December 2007 - 06:27 AM."], [1, 'Great Moc! It seems you did the math when doing this one and hit the nail on the head (Which pierced a megablock causing it to self destruct) ! Stauder'], [1, 'That?s a be-au-ti-ful station! It looks perfect from head to toe ;) You managed to keep the original feeling, yet enhanced it to match the spirit of todays city sets. Congratulations! And I love your Milkman Truck! :D'], [1, "That's a beautiful upgrade of a classic set! The new interior is great. *wub* Do you still have the tow truck?"], [1, "A wonderful work and a neat idea with that propane tank refilling station. *y* Very detailed and very charming indeed! :'-)"], [1, 'NIce station Phred, love those fluorescent lights! *wub* But...start dodging cannonballs now, boom, harr! :-P'], [0, "Thanx for the compliments :-$ Stauder, on Dec 9 2007, 01:47 AM, said: ... (Which pierced a megablock causing it to self destruct) ! Stauder YES! Any destruction of a megablock is a good thing. Thanx Stauder. Sinner, on Dec 9 2007, 06:07 AM, said: ... Do you still have the tow truck? I definitely still have the truck *wub* I don't have the heart to destroy it :'-) Captain green hair, on Dec 9 2007, 11:54 AM, said: ... But...start dodging cannonballs now, boom, harr! :-P Just don't hit the gas station, don't want to destroy my meager town too :-P P"], [0, "He's doing a review of Temple Escape now. Edited by Indy565, 16 December 2007 - 12:29 AM."], [0, "Indy565, on Dec 16 2007, 12:29 AM, said: He's doing a review of Temple Escape now. my camera battery just died so it's recharging! I'll do the review and add pics later ..."], [-1, "Big Pete, on Dec 15 2007, 05:30 PM, said: my camera battery just died so it's recharging! I'll do the review and add pics later ... NOOO! :'-("], [1, "Thank you Big Pete *wub* This set looks very good, it looks well built and the statues are nice. The ark looks great and the Star Wars hieroglyphic is classic :-D Just a two things: Is Marion's face double sided? It looks like a calm face on the back of the box. Where do the snakes come out? And about the stickers, have you tried putting them on the long bricks above the breakable walls? Once again, thanks very much *wub* *y*"], [1, "TinyPiesRUs, on Dec 15 2007, 05:39 PM, said: Thank you Big Pete *wub* This set looks very good, it looks well built and the statues are nice. The ark looks great and the Star Wars hieroglyphic is classic :-D Just a two things: Is Marion's face double sided? It looks like a calm face on the back of the box. Where do the snakes come out? And about the stickers, have you tried putting them on the long bricks above the breakable walls? Once again, thanks very much *wub* *y* Marion's face is double sided and the snacks come out right under the sticker that has R2-D2 and C-3PO with the Egyptian."], [0, "TinyPiesRUs, on Dec 16 2007, 12:39 AM, said: Is Marion's face double sided? It looks like a calm face on the back of the box. yes it is ... I never noticed until I just checked! :-$ Will post a pic of the alternate face when my camera battery is charged :) Quote Where do the snakes come out? They sit on a pivoting plate behind the Star Wars heiroglyphics. You press down on a brick at the back and the plate drops and they fall out from underneath. Quote And about the stickers, have you tried putting them on the long bricks above the breakable walls? well, yes ... that was where I guessed they were meant to go ... but really ... there is no mention of this in the instructions! Edited by Big Pete, 16 December 2007 - 12:49 AM."], [1, "Indy565, on Dec 16 2007, 10:31 AM, said: NOOO! :'-( patients my young indy loving friend *sweet* anyway thanks for the reveiw i wasnt going to get this set but i just might, it's a coin toss between the truck chase and this one, which one do you guys think i should get?"], [1, "Great review!! I love this set *wub* (Not only because of Marion though :-D ) It has the ark that is very cool , SW humor and lots of snakes A very cool set and perhaps my favorite so far *sweet* Damn, 3 out 4 Indy sets reviewed and isn't even 08 yet X-D P"], [1, 'Thanks for the review! It looks awesome, and 10 snakes! Is that box the Ark though? Thanks again! ~Peace'], [1, "OutStanding! I can't believe you found one! I'd bet Hinckley would be surprised about this."], [0, "Marion's other face!"], [1, 'Thank you for the great review! Looks like a very nice set, so many snakes!!'], [1, 'DB24, on Dec 16 2007, 02:09 AM, said: Thank you for the great review! Looks like a very nice set, so many snakes!! 10 in all ... 5 green, 5 red'], [0, "This is great, thanks for the review...but they're using a new skellie? I thought those were just for the reanimated dead...not just skeletons. Unless that skeleton is supposed to be reanimated? Either way it makes me sad :'-( That marion is beautiful *wub* Worth it for the set alone! And that SW reference is great X-D"], [1, 'Thanks for that cool review, Big Pete! *y* A very interesting set with a great playability and that SW sticker?s just hilarious! Snake shower on! :-D'], [1, "Big Pete, on Dec 15 2007, 09:07 PM, said: Marion's other face! That is an amazing figure!!!! I'm definitely getting that! Thank you! *wub*"], [1, 'iamded, on Dec 15 2007, 06:51 PM, said: Thanks for the review! It looks awesome, and 10 snakes! Is that box the Ark though? Thanks again! ~Peace Yes, the ark is the box in the center.'], [0, 'could you take a photo of the ark? thanks oh and the inside too pleese *sweet*'], [0, "hollisbrick, on Dec 15 2007, 11:30 PM, said: could you take a photo of the ark? thanks oh and the inside too pleese *sweet* The ark doesn't have an inside. It's just one brick built box."], [1, "LOL! Those Star Wars heiroglyphics are awesome! Were those in the movie? Or is this just a joke by the Lego designers? That would be the first time TLC showed any kind of reference humor! The rest of the set is great too, even the skeleton and the stickers. YES, that's right, I actually like those things. I like the new skellies because of their posability (I'm a big supporter & user of stop-motion) and I think there's nothing wrong with stickers. I mean seriously, why does everybody hate stickers so much??? :-| Sure, they are a pain in the megablocks to put on and, sure, they come off after a while and are never usable again, but hey, you don't have to put them on, even better, you can save them (like I do) and use them for your mocs! Could somebody tell me, please? I'm just curious. However, as I said, nice set! I might even get one. Gotta love that marion with the carot torch X-D and that arc is neat too! By the way, are all parts on it golden? Some more pics on it would be nice as soon as your camera is recharged! ;-) Thanks. Peace Out!"], [0, 'Oky Wan Kenobi, on Dec 16 2007, 08:46 AM, said: LOL! Those Star Wars heiroglyphics are awesome! Were those in the movie? Or is this just a joke by the Lego designers? That would be the first time TLC showed any kind of reference humor! The rest of the set is great too, even the skeleton and the stickers. YES, that\'s right, I actually like those things. I like the new skellies because of their posability (I\'m a big supporter & user of stop-motion) and I think there\'s nothing wrong with stickers. I mean seriously, why does everybody hate stickers so much??? :-| Sure, they are a pain in the megablocks to put on and, sure, they come off after a while and are never usable again, but hey, you don\'t have to put them on, even better, you can save them (like I do) and use them for your mocs! Could somebody tell me, please? I\'m just curious. However, as I said, nice set! I might even get one. Gotta love that marion with the carot torch X-D and that arc is neat too! By the way, are all parts on it golden? Some more pics on it would be nice as soon as your camera is recharged! ;-) Thanks. Peace Out! As far as I know, those insignias on the arc are in the movie, too. But I don?t remember if they actually were on the arc or somewhere else. There are a lot of Star Wars references in all the Indiana Jones movies. Looking at your name, you might find it funny to know that the Asian club of Lao Che in Temple of Doom is called "Club Obi-Wan" The plane in the first Indy has the callsign CPO, which I just found out the other day :)'], [1, "This and Motorcycle Chase were the two sets I've wanted from the start. I like how you get lots of snakes, and I'll add my snakes in too, for a Brickfilm. Sometimes I like the stickers, but all my world city ones got hard and fell off :'-( I like the R2-D2. Could you take a pic of any hieroglyphics in this set(Not the ones on the sticker sheet.) Thanks. I want to decode them."], [1, "My 2nd review (what a veteran) ... again, found this set via a shop assistant, in my local TRU (Portsmouth, UK) this evening. Comes in at ?44.99, which, is pretty steep, but, you get quite a bit for your money. Front of the Box : Back of the Box : Back of the Box Closeup : Contents : It was a nice surprise to get numbered bags ... not had a large set with numbered bags for quite a while, at least in none of the sets I've bought recently! Didn't take a close up of the stickers, but I was quite disappointed that the curved pieces had stickers ... if they could print the ATT curved pieces, why not these? Minifigs : Oh ... and there's a nice backprint on the Pilot figure : Now, the build was pretty good ... you build the plane first (after the minifigures). Quite an interesting build in a way, becayse for a while you think the back is the front ... and then you realise, heh! Now ... I've not seen the film in a while, but I don't recall a guy flying a plane with a fishing rod ... don't flame me if this is what happens, see earlier point regards not seeing the film in ages!! :-P After that, you build the temple in stages, starting with the entrance first, and then the holey floor section with the spears. These spears are just loosely placed into technic holed bricks. Quite easy to make em flick out but they can go anywhere! hehe Entrance : Holey Floor & Spears : These two parts are hinged and on an angle to each other and the gap makes for a handy bottomless pit, complete with pole for Indy to swing over with his whip. After that, you create the door and the ratchet mechanism to keep it raised. After that, you add the runners for the ball and the swinging knives trap. Swords Trap - Before : After : Finally, you build the statue that holds the efigy. Nice bit of construction here, especially the way that everything falls over once the efigy is removed. Do be careful when putting the curved bits on though ... it appears one of the edges on mine has slightly bent when putting it on ... nowt noticable though. Temple : Preparing to steal : Run!! You can see that the temple has toppled and debris has fallen all around ... And then, as he goes through the door, the door falls (he gets his hat) and then the rock ball starts a rolling! Ruuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuun!! The stickers were a pain though ... there's no room for a border around the sticker here! Beware!! After all that is done, you join all the pieces together and it makes more a really good playset. Plenty of opportunity for recreating scenes here! Idol Closeup : Total Set : Spares : Yet more spare stickers??! (sorry, i've already put the spares in my box of bits!) Overall, 8 out of 10 ... lots of play value and a pretty nice build. Too many stickers though ... and defo poor arms for the skeletons! Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 12:18 PM."], [1, "Awesome!!! I want it soo bad!! :'-) How much was it? Edited by Indy565, 16 December 2007 - 12:55 AM."], [1, "Thanks for the review! This is certainly bigger than I expected! Can't wait to see your other pics! *y*"], [0, "Indy565, on Dec 16 2007, 12:50 AM, said: Awesome!!! I want it soo bad!! :'-) How much was it? ?44.99, as it says in the first line of the review ;-) Edited by Big Pete, 16 December 2007 - 01:04 AM."], [0, 'Is the efigy a totally new peice, or is it made of smaller peices with some gold hair attatched? Sorry if I missed this :-$ Nice review, just wish we had some more pics of the built set :-D'], [1, "Brickmaster, on Dec 16 2007, 01:09 AM, said: Is the efigy a totally new peice, or is it made of smaller peices with some gold hair attatched? Sorry if I missed this :-$ it's 1 moulded piece ... Quote Nice review, just wish we had some more pics of the built set :-D i'll try again just now ..."], [0, 'can you get a close up of the golden idol thingy? looks cool! jifel'], [0, 'thanks for the pics cant wait to see more, oh btw when the camera charges could you pleese take a photo of everything falling apart when indy takes the idol? cheers! reveiw on *y*'], [1, "Great Review!This set has lots of play value I see Too bad about the hovito though :'-( One request: -could we get some close up pics of the idol? Thanks very much"], [-1, 'Cool. Found it bit disappointed though |-/ ... (Not disappointed about the review but the set)'], [1, 'Wow! I took a peak at the pics in your photobucket, thanks very much! This is a wonderful set, full of details! Awesome! :-D *y* *y* ~Peace'], [1, 'iamded, on Dec 16 2007, 01:58 AM, said: Wow! I took a peak at the pics in your photobucket, thanks very much! This is a wonderful set, full of details! Awesome! :-D *y* *y* ~Peace sneaky! All pics added ... if you want any others, please ask and I will try to oblige.'], [1, "Awesome looking playset. Will probably not get due to price, and the fact I don't really need it. Good to see how everything works, but those DAMN stickers!"], [0, "Big Pete, on Dec 15 2007, 06:04 PM, said: ?44.99, as it says in the first line of the review ;-) Yes, but I don't live in the UK. Any idea how much it might cost in the US?"], [1, "Thanks for that fine review, Big Pete! *y* A really adventurous set with a good playability and neat traps! That mayaesque sticker?s also very decent. I think that the box art of these Indy sets is pretty cool too with all these 'action scene' pics, nicely done, TLC. Overall, a very lovely set indeed.... tomb raiding on! :'-)"], [1, 'Thank you for another excellent review Big Pete! *y* *y*'], [1, "Thank you very much for another great review, Big Pete *wub* This is a good set, but I probably won't be able to afford it with all of the rest of the lego coming out in 2008 |-/ Oh, I watched this scene a few weeks ago, and the pilot is fishing while waiting for Indy to escape. Thanks again you lucky lucky man :-P"], [0, "Thanks for the great review! I'll probably be picking this one up if only for the minifigs (how can you not complete your Alfred Molina minifig collection?) and the idol piece. TinyPiesRUs, on Dec 15 2007, 10:41 PM, said: Oh, I watched this scene a few weeks ago, and the pilot is fishing while waiting for Indy to escape. This is correct, and in pure serial film fashion, the pilot is has just hooked a big one just as Jones starts yelling for him to get ready to leave ;-) badger"], [0, "Indy565, on Dec 16 2007, 04:05 AM, said: Yes, but I don't live in the UK. Any idea how much it might cost in the US? $59.99 is the US price. Already up for pre-sale on Amazon."], [0, "TinyPiesRUs, on Dec 16 2007, 04:41 AM, said: Oh, I watched this scene a few weeks ago, and the pilot is fishing while waiting for Indy to escape. the enigma that is badger, on Dec 16 2007, 05:57 AM, said: This is correct, and in pure serial film fashion, the pilot is has just hooked a big one just as Jones starts yelling for him to get ready to leave ;-) Ahhh ... thanks ... now I want to go out and buy the Trilogy on DVD! It's cheap too ... under ?20 for all three at the moment."], [-1, "No hovitos? NO! Ah well, if I get more pirate sets next year i'd use the Islanders as hovitos. In the video game they have the same torsos. I'd really like to get this, maybe in June I'll have luck. :'-)"], [0, 'this set is pretty nice i love the idol id probably buy the set just for that :-D lol is it just me or in the earlier concepts of this set we saw a native on the box? i wonder why they removed it :-( *wacko*'], [1, "Tks so much Big Pete for thisd awsome review of yet another fantastic Indy sets !! Its clearly one of the best lines of all times with SW 8-? That idol is superb and I love all the details of that set: loads of cool defense mechanisms, sweet vegetation and yeay another black carrot torch :-P And those MFs are really nice !! I am so happy to see Lego go dark tan *wub* Now I clearly can't wait to enjoy building this set ;-) Fertility Idol On !! *yoda*"], [0, "i just noticed another inconsistency between box art and the actual set ... on the box, the biplan has white wing supports (they're just plane windows without glass in them) and yet the set they are dark grey (or is it bley ... can never tell the difference without careful study). Add to that ... the outer of the engine at the front is white on the box and black in the set. We don't normally have this many inconsistencies do we ?"], [0, "This set is so cool... and another must buy! :-$ I'm in trouble next year it seems... The figs are great! *wub* I think the plane is only OK; perhaps they should have made that in a separate set as it needed to be a certain size to fit the figs, but that meant that the tail is way too short. Here is a picture of the actual plane so you can see what I mean. (Notice the pilot is fishing... ;-) ) The temple is another story; I think Lego have done an incredible job with this, fitting in the key parts of this sequence without making an absurdly large model. Addtionally, there are many parts in this set that I haven't got so it shouldn't be too hard to justify. X-D Thanks for another great review. *sweet* I love the photo of Indy running with the idol and the boulder close behind. :-P Naith, on Dec 16 2007, 10:20 PM, said: lol is it just me or in the earlier concepts of this set we saw a native on the box? i wonder why they removed it :-( *wacko* I recall that too. :-/ EDIT: Yes there was one... Big Pete, on Dec 16 2007, 11:28 PM, said: We don't normally have this many inconsistencies do we ? Quite annoying ones too. I think the plane looks better with those being white."], [1, "Because of exams and other obligations, I haven't posted this sooner. Seeing that no-one else has reviewed this set, I thought I might as well do it myself. The set in its entire glory (minus the slammer, instructions and the (obviously) massive sticker sheet) The four cars included in this set; a muscle car, a sports car, a roadster and the police off-roader(!): Because the police obviously have no clue that an off-roader is useless for catching street-racers, no less a batmobile-ish sports car, it will always trail behind: But the police have a trick up their sleeve - the drawbridge: Gotcha! And the mechanism that makes it all tick: The motor is nothing more than a (slow) pull-back motor. Push down the bridge, the latch will hook on to the gear and keep it in place until the latch is released. And there's the new gas station. Staying within theme, this gas-station is, like the tanker in 8147, from the company Fuel 4 Speed: There's a notable presence of detail here, such as the soda-dispenser, water (coolant?) bottles and other accesories, two fuel pumps and bumper-level railings to prevent cars from crashing into them. There's no interior however. And as demonstrated here by a loyal Octan-employee and a pursuing officer, the gas station is built to minifig-scale: My impressions of this set: As a collector of tiny turbos, and yet to miss a set, I got this one regardless of what it included. The gas station is indeed very nice, and the minifig-scale accesories were unexpected. The lack of interior is no big issue, and the both the station and bridge can with ease be implemented into a mini-fig town. The bridge also solidly built, and includes the ramps in its design, so it can be lifted, with ramps attached, without breaking apart. The slammer included in the set is identical, apart from the white color, with those in 8147. The cars are also very nice, altough I am yet to get used to the yellow batmobile, as I've grown accustomed to calling it. I also love the off-roader's chunky tires, they make perfect wheels for the newer minifig-scale cars. I never consider price/parts ratio, and here it would, for me, be irrelevant, because it will never be demolished for parts. The play value is what I would consider pretty good, and while the bridge won't rise with a car on it, it's still strong enough to stay open with a car tipping over the edge. Hmm. Every nerve in my body is saying that this sets is worth roughly 8/10, so: Verdict: 8/10 Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 07:01 PM. Indexed"], [0, "Looks like a nice set, I like the tiny turbos and have most of the older individual cars, but I am put off by the ever increasing price of the large sets with lots of extra parts that I'm not really interested in. I wish these were available as individual vehicles as well."], [1, "Thanks for the review! It's really cool that the petrol station is mini-fig scaled, I wasn't expecting that! :-D ~Peace"], [1, "It looks like a nice set but I'm not interested in the minis, it's got a nice drawbridge though! Thanks! *sweet*"], [0, "I want this set but its $60 AUD which is a ripp off! i like the yellow car! *wub* :'-) *y* by the way good review! *y*"], [0, 'Picked up from the Lego shop in Bluewater yesterday Front of Box Back of Box Price ?2.50 GBP Contents, a very small instruction manual Instructions (Front) Intsructions (Back) 25 Pieces (23 used in the model) Regular construction mini fig Start of the assembly Roll in the drum Just attach the drum A little tap with the hammer! (hammer not included!) Wheel it into position Time to start mixing, also time for a well earned Tea Break, The cement is all ready now. And the 2 left over bits. Extra cement is always useful and not really wasted. Overall, a nice little set and I am pleased to see little sets appearing again at long last. The only negative is with the drum of the mixer, although the angle can be adjusted you cannot tip the contents out of the mixer. All in all I would say 8/10 for a good little set? Comments...? ? ? Edit by Hobbes: Replaced pictures with clickable thumbs and corrected set number.'], [1, 'great review and nice touch putting the minifig in the mixer *y* and i think you are the first to review this set so all in all good work. steel...'], [-1, "Aww man! I hate that face. It doesn't match any of my other lego heads! In my opinion, it's not even lego-ey."], [0, "Thanks for the review. I will probably miss this set as I have too many workers already! :-D Zuloon, on Dec 25 2007, 09:55 AM, said: In my opinion, it's not even lego-ey. I have a few of this head... It's one of the multipurpose heads, it's even been used as a viking! *wacko*"], [0, "Thanks for the very thorough review! Looks good, but I see they didn't include the new 4x4x1/3 circle piece. Ah well, did you see/buy any other Impulse sets? ~Peace"], [1, 'i tink its better if you resize the pics before uploading to ur brickshelf account. Picasa2 is a good tool to resize ur pics. use the "export" function. ;-) Anyway, nice review! Looks like i will be getting all of the CITY impulse sets except for the Fire fighter one. Maybe more of those Large Bin sets. heh.. thanks for the pics! Is it possible if you scan the rest of the sets at the back of the manual? Thanks in advance! :-D'], [0, 'Thanks for the review. Does anyone know if these mini sets are sold at TRU?'], [1, 'OMG I absolutely love how you reviewed this set, I think you are the only person I\'ve ever seen on Eurobrick with such a thorough review. I read Eurobricks daily and this really raises the bar in terms of how a person does a review. Please do not resize your pics, they are perfect, crisp, large, thorough, and clear; it gives anyone who really wants info on the set just about everything they need to know about it. I had no idea they used that lil "thing" to have the cement mixer spin, cool idea ;-) . Nice set, but perfect perfect review. Thanks much! X-D'], [0, 'Thanks for the review, this looks like a nice set to have multiple copies of... I think that you may have mistyped the setnumber, as I was expecting this cute car when I read the title (I wondered how you could see a cementmixer in this set...) :-P'], [1, "Heres all the parts in assorted baggies, and the horribly messed up instructions. Four astronauts and four aliens, with an extra gold visor (yay!) Not bad. The base of the horribly unstable alien craft. The wings move up and down, aswell as back and forth, the purpose I know not. Next we build the nerf section of the base. Basically technic. And the rest of the tube connectors. Heres the farthest I got the little missle to go. Its fairly dissapointing. Good thing I didnt expect much from this portion of the set. Heres the start of the command base. More of the main structure, will be adding lots of things to all the little beams. Heres a storage container and the surprisingly not flimsy radar. On this side we see the alien elevator. It uses a HORRIBLY long technic rod, I have not seen one of this proportion, its like, a foot and a half long. More of the inner base where all the little tubes shall go. All the connected tubes and such. I also encountered a problem. In the instructions it says for the end of the elevator prong to be touching the tube connector where it is shown here, but mine has a 1x space inbetween. No matter. Heres the completed base. + My knee. Again. Onto the spaceship. The bulk of it is just technic supporting beams, with some large slope peices covering it all up. More on that later. The white coverup. The middle section lifts up to store the overly large jetpack. As you see, the storage containers take up most the bulk in the back, and you can see the jetpack on the ground. Aswell as the trigger hand hold thing that allows you to swoosh it. Look, in the back! Lego Greebles! Despite the large cockpit, it only holds one person, laying down. The wings are really the saving grace - double layered with a nice two toned effect. Kitty nudged me this picture so its abit blurry, my apologies :-| Extra peices and or peices I have no idea where the hell they go. :-P Overall, the set is quite fun I must admit. Full price, I probably would not go for it, But I got it for just under 70 dollars. For that price I can confidently say its quite worth it, many useful peices, nice figures (other than the aliens) and the tube things are quite fun to boot, even though I liked the life on mars system more, which I also have. None the less, its very fun to make them shoot around. Alright, so its not much of a command base either, and it looks abit bare. But it's still fun, even if you ignore the nerf section. Overall I give it a hardy 3.5 out of 5, the openness and epic fail of a missile launcher are hard to get by, but overall, its a dandy set :-D Merry Christmas *wub*"], [-1, "Thanks for the review Brickmaster! I wanted this set at first but I realized I don't want it as much anymore, seems like a waste of 90$. :-("], [0, 'I just want the ship...Just the ship.'], [0, "I don't recall mine having an alignment problem on the tubes... could you perhaps take a closer picture of the area? Did yours also have two of the same sticker for the wings of the alien craft?"], [1, "Thanks for this review. Lots of minifigs is a plus, although half of them are junk jellies, but dang the base just doesn't seem impressive. It looks so cheap, like a skeleton. The tubes are just ridiculous. But hey, at least it comes with two cool spacecraft, that's nice."], [0, 'I agree, it does seem very scarce, but Ive taken apart the nerf launcher, made a new module with the tube the launcher used, and beefed up the base with some computers and other things. For 90 dollars I would pass, I agree. On sale it is lovely, though. And none the less ive been entertained for ages with them flyin through the tubes :-D'], [0, "Thanks for the review Brickmaster! This set looks nice, I really like the orange (*wub*) and white colour scheme, although the purple of the LoM base was very cool too. I only have the LoM base, if you have it built could you show a comparison? On an unrelated note, by the time I realised the red and blue hangers on the LoM base were for the red and blue mechs, the mechs were no longer in stores. :'-( I was a bit slow, huh? :-P Anywho, this is one set I won't be buying, although if the rocket was sold separately I'd get that. :-D Thanks again. *y* ~Peace"], [1, "Should be here's the completed base and my Knee In Cordoroys (sp?) Great review."], [1, "Thanks for the photos and review Brickmaster. I'm hoping to find this on sale as well... no luck so far. I love the white ship, and I think the base would be amusing, but ultimately hard to re-use. Incidentally, that long axel is common in recent technic sets, but I think it was orignally made for the hockey sets. :-D"], [1, 'Set 7741. The box: Back: Cool pose on back: The insides: The DSS: Theres acually a printed piece: The new handcuff piece with SB in the back: The finished product: The inventory: Police page: The mail page: Is this a new air plane?: The fireman page: The back: A future doctor hair piece?: Price: 5/5 Play: 5/5 Overall: 5/5 I *wub* it!!!!!'], [0, 'Lol, "Polizei" is GERMAN for police.'], [1, "I quite like it, but I feel that my lego city is getting over-run with helicopters and planes. Also I have got the helicopter from the 7237 police station set, but it is not as good as this Plus I'am sooooo dissapointed that the :-X stickers :-X are blue instead of black and green as they will not fit with the sets I have already got :-D Nice review thanks Edited by Caseyref, 26 December 2007 - 02:04 AM."], [1, 'MicVash, on Dec 25 2007, 05:58 PM, said: Lol, "Polizei" is GERMAN for police. Oh. :-$ Caseyref, on Dec 25 2007, 06:02 PM, said: I quite like it, but I feel that my lego city is getting over-run with helicopters and planes. Also I have got the helicopter from the 7237 police station set, but it is not as good as this Plus I\'am sooooo dissapointed that the :-X stickers :-X are blue instead of black and green as they will not fit with the sets I have already got :-D Nice review thanks Your welcome.'], [1, 'Great Review! The helicopter is very nice and a cheap way to get a cop and those new handcuffs I wish the police impulse had those new cuffs *sad* Thanks for doing this *y* X-O A printed part :-D Mail Carrier Review On P Edited by Piranha, 26 December 2007 - 04:07 AM.'], [0, "Cool review, thanks! And I think that doctor hair piece isn't hinting at anything new, just some cartoony stuff for the pic. :-/ ~Peace"], [0, 'Thanks. iamded you never know.us ;-)'], [0, "Caseyref, on Dec 26 2007, 02:02 AM, said: I quite like it, but I feel that my lego city is getting over-run with helicopters and planes. Also I have got the helicopter from the 7237 police station set, but it is not as good as this Plus I'am sooooo dissapointed that the :-X stickers :-X are blue instead of black and green as they will not fit with the sets I have already got :-D Nice review thanks if you look at the police picture from the instruction booklet, it looks to me that the 3 sets in the bottom left corner are the bike (7235), patrolcar (7236) and prisoner transport (7245) from 2005, but with new blue stickers?"], [1, "Thanks for the review PSPguy. I think this is a very nice little chopper... but the biggest reason why I will probably get this is for the handcuffs! :-D Are the side windows flush like the old ones or recessed like the new ones are supposed to me? (The look recessed to me. :-/ ) ScrypT, on Dec 26 2007, 09:36 PM, said: if you look at the police picture from the instruction booklet, it looks to me that the 3 sets in the bottom left corner are the bike (7235), patrolcar (7236) and prisoner transport (7245) from 2005, but with new blue stickers? Yes, you're right. ;-)"], [1, "Thank everybody!! Sinner, on Dec 26 2007, 06:09 AM, said: Thanks for the review PSPguy. I think this is a very nice little chopper... but the biggest reason why I will probably get this is for the handcuffs! :-D Are the side windows flush like the old ones or recessed like the new ones are supposed to me? (The look recessed to me. :-/ ) Yes, you're right. ;-) What? If your asking how they are but together you snap the window piece into the ho\\lder. EDIT: ScrypT, on Dec 26 2007, 03:36 AM, said: if you look at the police picture from the instruction booklet, it looks to me that the 3 sets in the bottom left corner are the bike (7235), patrolcar (7236) and prisoner transport (7245) from 2005, but with new blue stickers? Hey!!! Thats copyrighted mister!!! :-P Edited by PSPguy, 26 December 2007 - 05:21 PM."], [0, 'thanks for the review PSP guy. i just have one question for you, in bottom right picture on the back of the box what is the policeman putting in the container. thanks in advance!'], [0, 'The binoculers. :-) You must have a small moniter.'], [0, 'PSPguy, on Dec 26 2007, 12:29 PM, said: You must have a small moniter. that i do my friend, that i do :-D'], [0, "Nice Review *y* i will get 2 of these at the least especialy since they're going to be $15 AUD *wub* :'-)"], [0, "A nice simple Helicopter! I always had thoughts of this, but after the review I'm gonna go get it! (Well, not at the moment... X-O )"], [1, "PSPguy, on Dec 27 2007, 03:08 AM, said: What? If your asking how they are but together you snap the window piece into the ho\\lder. Errr.... no. As Brikbitz said on his site in the 7732 postal plane review... Quote You can see the traditional airplane window piece, but the bad news is they've changed the window pane. It's the new flat piece used in 4996 Beach House, it just doesn't work as well. Without the original bevelled edge it doesn't seal the window and there is small noticable gap around the edge. Not a major problem but it might get a bit draughty inside and certainly no high altitude flying. I was wondering if it is the old or new type. Darth_Legois_619, on Dec 27 2007, 08:20 AM, said: Nice Review *y* i will get 2 of these at the least especialy since they're going to be $15 AUD *wub* :'-) How did you find out the price? If you are right then this is a must buy! *wub*"], [1, 'Nice Heli, but the new police staion doesnt have a helipad for this to land on! *sing* Will prolly MOC the station to add a helipad when i get mine. :-$ Edited by AzMean, 27 December 2007 - 09:20 AM.'], [1, 'Sinner, on Dec 27 2007, 11:33 AM, said: How did you find out the price? If you are right then this is a must buy! *wub* www.bttw.com.au i asked when the 08 police sets would come and how much. Darth_Legois_619, on Dec 8 2007, 07:56 AM, said: I got the Australian Prices Summer House will be available in Jan 4996 RRP of $49.99 Late Jan ? early Feb (these are all a Feb release in Australia ) 7723 Police Seaplane $49.99 7741 Police Helicopter $14.99 7743 Police Truck $69.99 7744 Police Station $139.99 (the above prices are AUSD) http://aussielegofan...wtopic.php?t=42'], [-1, 'Is it wrong that i got an extra printed control panel with this set? Edited by DB24, 27 January 2008 - 01:36 AM.'], [1, "Sinner, on Dec 26 2007, 02:09 PM, said: Are the side windows flush like the old ones or recessed like the new ones are supposed to me? (The look recessed to me. :-/ ) They're definitely recessed new windows in this set I'm afraid, just in case no-one has answered your question yet. I got this set in Woolworths the other day. Tescos have it too now. I have to say it's my all time favourite Police helicopter. Nice review PSP guy!"], [1, 'So here it is, the long expected ;-) review of the town plan: I bought it at the Legostore Riem Arcaden last Saturday. I paid 149,99 EUR for 1981 pieces. This set is separated in 4 parts. 1: the Service/Gasstation 2: the cars. the petrol pump and the fountain 3: the cinema 4: the town hall The Service Station has a lot of really nice details, like tools for the car repair, or the table with the cashpoint and the foodstation (there?s a croissant, a banana and a apple in this set). One of my favourit parts is the trolley with some tools, you can see it at brickshelf. At the second part are only a few pieces and i needed not much time to built the 2 cars, the fountain and the petrol pump. There?s something at the truck i don?t understand.. maybe i did something wrong.. but.. the truck has no backlights.. *wacko* I like the petrol pump, that?s why i post a pic of it: The cinema is the highlight for me. It has also really nice details, like the popcorn table or the gumball or candy machine. The colours sheme is really nice, the front of the building with the big displays is a cool idea. Overall a really nice building. The town hall has also a really nice colour sheme, i love that dark green mixed with the white stairs. A lot of plants around and in the town hall. As you can see some figs who married there. Not more to say about this building. See the pics and enjoy it: Overall this set is a must have!! It was really fun to built it. This set reminds me of the Back to the Future movie with Michael J. Fox. The whole gallery is at Brickshelf, there you can find a few more pics. I hope you enjoyed this review. Regards Sandra'], [1, 'Great review Sandra, thanks for taking the time. I love the theatre and the town hall, and the married couple is just a cute little extra *wub* This looks fantastic not only for the model, but for parts as well!'], [1, 'Thank you for the great review Sandra *y* . I *wub* the detail that TLC added to this set. I would like to add that I think all the buildings look *sweet* . I really like how you compared the look to "Back to the Future". When I saw the first pics, I thought the same thing. The look of the set is definitly the 1950\'s. I am :-( to see the price though. I am sure this set will be $149.99 US too. GREAT REVIEW, Model On!!'], [1, "Thank you for the review Sandra! This set looks finally nice, better than my first view. I really need it, I've already planed to integrate it to my new layout... It will be hard to wait for it!"], [1, 'Thank you very much for the wonderful review, Legocastlegirl! Plenty of pics, thanks again! *wub* *y* ~Peace'], [1, 'Can you take a picture(s) of all the film posters?'], [1, 'Axle, on Dec 28 2007, 02:07 PM, said: Can you take a picture(s) of all the film posters? There?s no necessity to take pics of all the film posters. There are only 3 different film posters at the set. Always one poster twice.. and you can see every different poster at the brickshelf gallery. If you need more details, then you should maybe buy it :-) Regards Sandra'], [1, 'Legocastlegirl, on Dec 28 2007, 02:12 PM, said: There?s no necessity to take pics of all the film posters. There are only 3 different film posters at the set. Always one poster twice.. and you can see every different poster at the brickshelf gallery. If you need more details, then you should maybe buy it :-) Regards Sandra ouch ;-)'], [1, 'FreeBee, on Dec 28 2007, 02:33 PM, said: ouch ;-) Hm if my answer was to harsh: sorry axle :-$'], [1, 'Awesome!! I love the intierior of the Theater! Really good reveiw!'], [1, 'I enjoyed seeing this review. Nice to get some different angles on the components. Sorry to disagree with anyone however, but this was not a great review. I appreciate the effort Sandra made but a great review would include more details such as what are stickers and what are printed pieces. A great review points out flaws or limitations as well as what works or is really neat. A great review would have analyzed the price per piece and compared that to other sets/themes. One might look at the recent reviews of the Indy sets or the new Spongebob sets as examples of really good reviews. The pictures are good but a great review, above all, should provide the reader with some new information, perhaps even answer questions posed in the pre-release discussion thread. I learned nothing new about the set from this review. That said, it was a good review for someone who had not seen the pre-release discussion and she did a good job of showing said person what they could expect in the set.'], [1, 'I see the service station has a full arry of tools, oxy/fuel torch and other goodies. not a bad set, still very pricey :-/'], [1, 'Thank you for the review'], [1, 'Very good review, thanks!!!!!!!! Axle, on Dec 28 2007, 02:07 PM, said: Can you take a picture(s) of all the film posters? sticker sheet pic with 1 megapixel film posters'], [1, "Tks Sandra for these sweet pics 8-? This set is a true thing of beauty ;-) I love the vehicles and all the sweet details added to render that gklorious 50's atmosphere ;-) I love thge Town Hall, its very cleverly built and looks great 8-? My favoprite part of the whole bunch has to be the movie theater wich is superb *wub* I guess its pocorn time :-P PS: @ tedbeard - do tone it down youg man !! If you're not happy with Sandra's work, do provide one yourself instead of bitching on how YOU view a review and on how Sandra's post is veryt far from one (according to you !!) *yoda*"], [1, 'Thanks for the review Legocastlegirl - excellent work *y*! I agree with you, the best part seems to be the movietheater!! That?s perfect because I just love to watch movies in the theater, so far this year I?ve seen 46 pictures (and had some pop-corn to ;-)). This is a must-get-set!! Town On copmike'], [1, 'Really cool review: I have got so much to do that I even did not know that set is already available. The cinema is great. Aredhel'], [1, "Sorry for answering so late but i was very busy... thanks guys for your comments *y* tedbeard, on Dec 28 2007, 08:08 PM, said: Sorry to disagree with anyone however, but this was not a great review. I appreciate the effort Sandra made but a great review would include more details such as what are stickers and what are printed pieces. A great review points out flaws or limitations as well as what works or is really neat. A great review would have analyzed the price per piece and compared that to other sets/themes. One might look at the recent reviews of the Indy sets or the new Spongebob sets as examples of really good reviews. The pictures are good but a great review, above all, should provide the reader with some new information, perhaps even answer questions posed in the pre-release discussion thread. I learned nothing new about the set from this review. That said, it was a good review for someone who had not seen the pre-release discussion and she did a good job of showing said person what they could expect in the set. It?s good that you told me your opinion about my review. It was my third review i made and i have to say that i made this review not for analyses, just only to show the EB Members some nice pics and to tell them my opinion. Lego is fun for me!! I don?t like to analyse the pieces, bricks, prices, colours. I just want to build something. That?s why i?m at Eurobricks and not at an other big legocommunity in Germany. Lego is fun, fun, fun!! And everybody knows that lego is a expensive hobbie.. so why should i write it again and again? julencin2000, on Dec 29 2007, 10:07 PM, said: Very good review, thanks!!!!!!!! sticker sheet pic with 1 megapixel film posters Thanks for the link julencin! ;-) xwingyoda, on Dec 29 2007, 10:25 PM, said: PS: @ tedbeard - do tone it down youg man !! If you're not happy with Sandra's work, do provide one yourself instead of bitching on how YOU view a review and on how Sandra's post is veryt far from one (according to you !!) *yoda* Thanks *yoda* *sweet* copmike, on Dec 30 2007, 01:30 PM, said: Thanks for the review Legocastlegirl - excellent work *y*! I agree with you, the best part seems to be the movietheater!! That?s perfect because I just love to watch movies in the theater, so far this year I?ve seen 46 pictures (and had some pop-corn to ;-)). This is a must-get-set!! Town On copmike Thanks Copmike :-$ So it will be a good year 2008 for you. There?ll be a lot of good movies at cinema next year. I can?t wait for National Treasure: Book of Secrets, the second movie after National Treasure with Nicolas Cage."], [1, 'Oh... I want this sooooooo bad!!!'], [1, "Nice review - thx for all the pics. They certainly made me consider getting this set. KimT BTW: which set would You recommend: Market Streeet, Town Plan or Cafe Corner? Just curious. They're pretty expensive and I might only afford one of them."], [1, "kimt, on Jan 4 2008, 10:25 AM, said: BTW: which set would You recommend: Market Streeet, Town Plan or Cafe Corner? Just curious. They're pretty expensive and I might only afford one of them. I guess it all depends on what you are after Kim. If you want a really great and detailed set I would opt for the Cafe Corner, but if you want a set that can easilly be included in a city I would opt for Town Plan. Since I can't afford all of them, I will just get Town Plan, because I lve the feeling of thge set and that theater is superb !! *yoda*"], [1, 'kimt, on Jan 4 2008, 10:25 AM, said: BTW: which set would You recommend: Market Streeet, Town Plan or Cafe Corner? Just curious. They\'re pretty expensive and I might only afford one of them. Definitely the Coffee corner. It?s a hard desicion between Coffee Corner and Town Plan, because they are both really great sets. The Market Street is no "must have" in my opinion. But the other two. Maybe you should start with the Coffee Corner, it?s the older set. The Town Plan is newer and will be available longer then the Coffee Corner. I hope it helped you a litte bit :-$ Regards Sandra Edited by Legocastlegirl, 04 January 2008 - 10:43 AM.'], [1, 'This is a great set, lots of detail and that service station and gaspumps do it for me! *sweet* Thanks for the review Legocastlegirl! *y*'], [1, 'xwingyoda, on Dec 29 2007, 01:25 PM, said: PS: @ tedbeard - do tone it down youg man !! If you\'re not happy with Sandra\'s work, do provide one yourself instead of bitching on how YOU view a review and on how Sandra\'s post is veryt far from one (according to you !!) Wow, I have not been called a "youg man" (by which I assume you mean "young") for a while. As a forty year old with three kids that\'s unusual. *sweet* I tried very hard to remain positive in my critique and complimented her on those things she had done well. I felt that given the somewhat juvenile "OMG, BEST...REVIEW...EVER" tone that was creeping in amongst the replys, that it needed to be tempered with some thoughtful suggestions as to how a good review could be made great. Your ad hominem approach is offensive and far more negative than I was and to suggest I should do my own review is ridiculous. I live in Canada and we do not even have the set available here yet thus I am interested in seeing reviews of this set. If I already had the set I would not be so interested. And next time you propose to critique a critique perhaps you should actually read what I wrote. I said she wrote a good review for a specific audience. I did NOT say it was awful or whatever you seem to have assumed I meant. Saying something is good but could be improved can hardly be characterized as "bitching". :-|'], [1, "Thanks for the review. I really want this set because: 1. It looks fantastic 2. Has harder to find colors 3. Is a 50th anniversary commemorative 4. Some of the models are based on the 50s sets (i love the old stuff) The tanker truck is a perfect recreation of the old HO 1:87 scale Esso Tanker Truck. I have one, and you can look at it for comparison if you would like. Lego HO vehicles I'd like to modify the truck from this new set to look even more like the old Esso truck, getting rid of the green and adding some decals."], [1, 'Happy New Year, everyone! I went to my local Wal-mart looking for an exclusive Bionicle set yesterday, but was amazed to find everything there- SW, Bionicle, EF, Indie, the works. I nabbed the JSF and the Rogue Shadow and scampered home to take pics with my new camera. *wub* The box: The same as the other \'07 boxes. Nothing new. The back shows the various features, with "pop out R2." :-| Luckily, the intruction booklet and the DSS were intact- not folded like the last MM set I got. |-/ The DSS: Not too bad, but printed parts would have been great. The figs. Anakin is amazing, IMO. *wub* Fits the CW Anie great. I noticed on the S@H reviews the kiddies were saying how ugly he looked. |-/ They need to see the CW cartoon. For the sake of my health, I should probably stop reading those. :-D The build. I won\'t go too in-depth on the build, since *vader* posted a very in-depth review here. The start of the build: The body of the fighter starts out long and skinny. The JSF\'s landing gear allows it to sit comfortably without getting in the way while swooshing. R2-D2\'s launching device. R2 in position. When launched... ...He often gets stuck if you don\'t press the button hard enough. :-/ Looks like R2 needs to lay off... whatever it is robots eat. So far: The flag stickered. It\'s a big sucker sticker. Completed. I forgot to add the nose stickers before I took the pic. Warning- the nose cone sticker is actually two stickers. I thought it was one, peeled of one of the stickers, and put it on the middle of the two 1x8 plates, and didn\'t notice the other sticker. *wacko* Various completed shots: I think this was a beautiful little set. R2\'s launching unit and the flick missiles are annoying, but easily fixed. I plan to add proper cannons in place of the flick missiles. Anakin is a great minifig, but he doesn\'t look so well standing next to my other figs. The Brickshelf Gallery (when public) Will'], [1, "Tks Will for your great review !! G after reading *vader* 's reviews (of that set and the RS) and yours I really can't wait to get that set and all of the SW sets :-P Really nice photography there which is sweet !! *yoda*"], [1, 'Thanks Will! This really is a nice set! Your new camera and the backround looks great, the pic quality is very good! Thanks!! *y*'], [1, "Thanks for the review, Mr. Mandalorian! This set looks very nice, and it's good to know the nose cone stickers are 2 separate ones, so they don't cross bricks. :-D That camera is working out great for ya'! Thanks again! ~Peace"], [1, 'Thanks for the reveiw on this great set! I actually just came home from TRU with this, maybe 1/2 hour ago! Funny! Love the new hair sculpt! *wub*'], [1, 'Great Review!! I still don\'t like that Cartoon Anakin though :-/ Excuse me for a sec *Runs to local Wal-mart to check" :-D Buying 08 Sets On! P'], [1, 'this is a brilliant review of a brilliant set! *sweet* thanks a lot! i know this may be a bit much to ask but could take some pics of the whole instruction booklet? please!!! if you can thanks a bunch. but if not do know of a place where i could find the instructions?'], [1, "Thanks, guys! I have the Rogue Shadow in the review pipes, should be up soon. legolover100, on Jan 1 2008, 07:36 PM, said: this is a brilliant review of a brilliant set! *sweet* thanks a lot! i know this may be a bit much to ask but could take some pics of the whole instruction booklet? please!!! if you can thanks a bunch. but if not do know of a place where i could find the instructions? Take pics of each page? That is a lot. I don't know of anywhere that might have it. :-/ If you check *vader* 's review, he has a lot of pics of the build, that might work just as well. Will"], [1, "ok i thought it might be to much to ask. i will try *vader* 's review. and again thanks for the review *y*"], [1, "Than kyou for the review. I don't know if I buy this set now I know there's also a Anakin in the AT-TE with a new jedi, but who knows."], [1, "Wow, I'm surprised no one had done this already. First off, this is a truly lovely set that many people should own, even though it's SOLD OUT on the S@H :'-( . now lets start off with an overview. *Note*: I was missing a few of the pieces (the rabbit, the trike) when I toke the pics. The figs and a cat. The engine: I really love this thing. It's a beautiful 0-6-0 steam engine with a tender. This is probably the most detailed steam engine Lego has given us. I loved it so much, I made a non-holiday version for my town. The flat cars: I like these, but they seem a bit simple. Their cargo is good for Christmas or a birthday party. The passenger car: It resembles the green passenger car we got a while back, but I like the interior in this one a bit better. The caboose: a simple caboose like the one from 2001. the sad thing about it is thats there is no interior and it's hard to take the roof off. Overall: I like this set, but it is kind of hard to use during the non winter months. The price is kind of good, but with that price, it should have came with the motor. I give it a 9/10 Happy New Year! Edited by AgentRick57, 04 January 2008 - 12:00 AM."], [1, 'Darn! If I would have known noone has reviewed this I would have! Thanks! *sweet* *y*'], [1, 'Thanks for the review AgentRick57. It is a beautiful set, and quite cheap for me; $50 AUD for 965 parts! 8-? Not sure what I will do with the rabbit though; it is huge! :-D (I was considering doing this review myself but Sinnerton is a mess... :-/ )'], [1, 'Sinner, on Jan 3 2008, 07:44 PM, said: Thanks for the review AgentRick57. It is a beautiful set, and quite cheap for me; $50 AUD for 965 parts! 8-? Not sure what I will do with the rabbit though; it is huge! :-D (I was considering doing this review myself but Sinnerton is a mess... :-/ ) I will gladly have your rabbit! *wub* X-D'], [0, 'NO I need it! I lost my rabbit in the great void known as the large old brown box of doom(L.O.B.B.O.D for short)!!!!! *sing* *sing*'], [0, "Exobuilder, on Jan 4 2008, 10:46 AM, said: I will gladly have your rabbit! *wub* X-D Nah... I'll probably use it as a were-rabbit."], [0, 'these jokes are killing me X-D'], [1, 'Thanks for the good review, I wish I had bought one when it was going for only ?24.99 on LSAH instead of the usual price of ?50!'], [1, "I got that set from my grandma on x-mas. She ordered it early. I really like the presesnts and that blue thing. 3 wheeler? Here in america, It's 100$$. Ouch. I like the rabbit. Whats with the rats in the trees and the cargo train? Nice review. Edited by ~VBBN~, 04 January 2008 - 01:31 PM."], [1, "Dang it, I meant to try to get one of these after Christmas ... I knew they were half-off at S@H and I just forgot. Now they're sold out. Darn! Thanks for the review!"], [1, "this is a nice set X-O i managed to get 6 of em' before thay sold out :-$"], [0, 'Blah. I wanted one of these at half off but I forgot and missed out. Thanks for the review though :-$'], [1, 'I was fortunate enough to get one along with the Hobby Train. They are the first trains I have ever owned (mainly by virtue of them having been half price). It\'s a fantastic selection of parts with the Holiday Train, as well as it really looking the part as a set. I\'m happy not to get a motor; as I think the 9V setup would prove expensive, and the IR control system for the RC setup seems a bit poor. I got some "dead" track for with it to have just as a push train for now.'], [1, 'Got one for 90 USD, one of the best trains ever..Funny as train, perfect for parts. What else to say. *y*'], [1, 'Okie guys and gals, here s time for some droid exploration with my review of set 7670. As a general statement I have to say its really a neat set that is not that expensive for what it holds. 1) Box art Like always I will start with pics of the box art. BTW, notice anything guys ? No bloody crappy DSS. Yes, finally a set without stickers and that feels great :-D 2) The Mfs Nothing really spectacular there. The only novelty lies within the inclusion of the new Commander (yellow torso) BD. Apart from that, there are 2 BDs and unfortunately yet another SBD (I like those but I have a huge amount of them, and I would rather had something different). You have 3 short blasters and a couple of extra parts. 3) The Spider Droid I think it?s a pretty cool little buggar. It?s a rather simple yet classic construction I think. It has sweet parts such as the BD body in dark bley. It really has a spider feel unlike the previous Ep3 one. 4) The Hailfire Droid This baby represents the ?pi?ce de resistance? of this set. I truly love it !! Sure it?s a bit under scale but I don?t really mind that. Its conception is superb even if I totally dislike assembling those technic treads (especially 80 of those small things). The ellipse of the treads is well balanced and that trans disc is a brilliant idea. The great thing is those new flick fire missiles: they don?t fall unlike the other ones and they do look good on this baby. Also you can put the wheels together and the missiles to gain some shelf space (easy storage ON :-D ) In conclusion those druids re really sweet and are perfect target practice for the upcoming RGS hehe !! I hope you enjoyed that review and do not hesitate to comment and ask pic requests if any ;-) *yoda*'], [1, 'Hey, Thanks for the review! I think I will definately get this set! DP8 Edited by darthperson8, 05 January 2008 - 03:30 PM.'], [0, "darthperson8, on Jan 5 2008, 04:29 PM, said: (sounds dorky! :-D ) It doesn't sound, it IS :-| Since I have network problems I'm editing my post (don't want to redio the whole post if my network crashes !!) *yoda*"], [0, 'Sorry Yoda. I think it might of been my problem. :-$ Either way I edited my first post. Dp8'], [1, "xwingyoda, on Jan 5 2008, 04:24 PM, said: I totally dislike assembling those technic treads (especially 80 of those small things). So you haven't build the Bat Tank, right? It comes with 2x 79 thread pieces... *wacko* ;-) Thanks for the review, I'll definitively get this set (maybe monday :'-) ), love those droids *wub*"], [0, "ApophisV, on Jan 5 2008, 05:06 PM, said: So you haven't build the Bat Tank, right? It comes with 2x 79 thread pieces... *wacko* ;-) Oh I did !! Painful memories X-D I think they are great looking but what a pain to assemble !! Especially the tiny ones. At lzaest the Bat Tank had the larger ones ;-) *yoda*"], [1, 'I totally like this set *wub*! I bought it some days ago ,it looks really nice together with the MTT. And I am going to get the AT-AP today. *sweet* Edited by Stealth Hunter, 05 January 2008 - 04:44 PM.'], [0, 'xwingyoda, on Jan 5 2008, 04:24 PM, said: In conclusion those druids re really sweet and are perfect target practice for the upcoming RGS hehe !! a druid battle pack would also be a nice idea for the castle sets. Thank for the nice review with many pictures. May I ask what you paid for this? My first (and second) idea was that 25 euro was a bit to much for this. :-)'], [0, 'They released the battle droid commander in 2000 :-|'], [0, 'Trudop561, on Jan 5 2008, 04:21 PM, said: They released the battle droid commander in 2000 :-| While there was a yellow-marked battle droid officer in the 3343 minifigure pack released in 2000, the battle droid commander from 7670 is different. The new 7670 commander has a torso made of all yellow plastic, whereas the 2000 battle droid commander had a tan torso with yellow printings, and a tan head with yellow printings. So, while we have had a BD commander before, the 7670 commander is "new."'], [0, "Wout, on Jan 5 2008, 09:27 PM, said: a druid battle pack would also be a nice idea for the castle sets. May I ask what you paid for this? My first (and second) idea was that 25 euro was a bit to much for this. :-) X-D whatever :-P Bloody typo I say. However, the upcomming Castle Advent calendar might include druids :-P I paid 30? for it ;-) (dang 1 cent more expensive as S@H :-D ) Trudop561, on Jan 5 2008, 11:21 PM, said: They released the battle droid commander in 2000 :-| Yes, another nice tone, meessa so happy !! First, you are very welcome for my review of a set present in your wishlist. Then the Commander you are talking about has a tan body with oreange markings only (check !!) and the commander here has a full YELLOW body like in the Spiderman set Doc Oc's hideout (4856) !! Therefore those 2 Commanders are 2 different MFs. *yoda*"], [1, 'Yeah finally *yoda* got his SW :-D I got 2 of them after X mas - they are really cool - especially the Spider Droid! 2 of them On! & Happy *yoda* On :-P Edited by aayla-secura, 05 January 2008 - 10:38 PM.'], [0, "You thought the Bat Tank was bad, The Tie Crawler has 81 for each of the sides *sing*. and don't get me started on the Sand Crawler! :-X"], [0, "Nice Review! And you finally got an 08 set! I haven't gotten any, I blame Wal-mart for putting products out late |-/ :-D Instead of a SBD, TLC should have included a Droideka(New Version) *y* The scale is a bit off, so this is a Dwarf Hailfire droid :-P P"], [0, "thanks for the reveiw, i've got one of these and an AT-AP in the mail hopefully arriveing tomorrow :-) Edited by legoman, 06 January 2008 - 12:15 AM."], [0, "Nive Review of it Yoda.. But i was going to do a review of it.. But now i see this.. I don't want to do it anymore.. :'-( Next time.. Try to do it with action.. [It is rare that people do that, they only do it with the set and not further..] ;-)"], [-1, 'Nice review, thanks. It still seems overpriced to me though. Also, the box shows the droid torsos that are used for "feet" on the Spider Droid as being light bley, yet they are clearly dark bley. *wacko* TK'], [0, "aayla-secura, on Jan 5 2008, 11:35 PM, said: Yeah finally *yoda* got his SW :-D Indeed :-D And I can tell you Aayla it was about freaking time :-P AgentRick57, on Jan 6 2008, 12:14 AM, said: You thought the Bat Tank was bad, The Tie Crawler has 81 for each of the sides *sing*. and don't get me started on the Sand Crawler! :-X I know, I still have nightmares thinking of that :-D Thats why I didn't even mention that before ;-) Unknownartist, on Jan 6 2008, 08:18 AM, said: Next time.. Try to do it with action.. [It is rare that people do that, they only do it with the set and not further..] ;-) Next time...Try to ask it in a different way.. *yoda*"], [0, "Great review mate as usual, for me the highlight of this set has to be the new spider droid. Even though it's made up of some strange parts it really appeals to me, i would love a few of those babys. The Hellfire droid is also well put together even if it is a little small, but hey it looks fun. I really like the look of this set but the price tag really puts me off, why oh why did lego price it so high.... :'-("], [0, 'great review very precise. as for the spider droid construction, i have already worked it into a moc: http://www.brickshel...ry.cgi?f=290980 stryker-single gun hydra-seven guns hammer-missile pods. steel...'], [1, 'Thanks for the great reveiw *yoda* Fantastic pictures (Very crisp) I am now going onto bricklink to purchse to because you have reasured me that this is a good set. Ashoka~'], [1, 'Great review, as we\'ve come to expect from *yoda* *y* Nice to see that TLG is finding new and interesting ways to get around the "no minifig only" sets restrictions with Hasbro. Clearly, this is another army builder with a minimal vehicle as we\'re becoming accustomed to. Heck, even the diminutive Hailfire is technically a droid as well, thus making this all minifigs, from a certain point of view. Only negative: It is a bit overpriced. I\'ll have a better feel for that when I get one. Treads/links always drive up a price, so it might just be fair. The spiderdroid is a winner, even with the unusual parts assortment. I like it when LEGO thinks of different ways to use things, I think it promotes the same from us. I\'m not sure what I think of the new battledroid commanders, but at least I can make extras easily if I need to, as I bought a bunch of yellow droid bodies off Bricklink once, thinking I might want to make some kind of new droid out of them. They were cheap at the time, now I expect the price to go up just because of this potential use. Between those and the grey ones, it\'s good to see more becoming available. Hopefully we\'ll see black and a few other colours produced for some nice customizing possibilities. All in all, a nice little set with a great army building potential, especially on a buy-one-get-one-half-off or better type of sale. Until then, I\'ll grab one or two and be glad to have them.'], [1, 'I got this set for a few months [1 or 2].. And i agree that it is small.. But still.. It looks great on plates, clone troopers [Just for fun..] >:-)'], [-1, "i got this and a couple of other sets on monday.and to tell you the truth, i was a bit dissapointed.i like the set, i like the parts, but it's definitly not worth it's RRP of $45 NZD, if you ask me i should be more like $35 NZD, but hey, i still like it, i got it for $30 on ebay so i'm not complaining *y* *y*"], [0, 'my hailfire droid is gonna be coming in the mail soon, as well as the battlepacks.'], [1, 'Ah I finally got the 2 City sets I really wanted !! I am so happy that Lego went postal on us :-P . Since they are rather small I shall do a mix review of these 2 sweet sweet sets. 1) Mail Van (7731) Like always I?ll start with shots of the box art and bloody DSS. Now here are the extras of that set: I really love the new torso of the postal worker. My huge grip lies on the mail box: that mail logo is a freaking sticker !! For that part I was so expecting a printed part. That is really really bad !! Apart from that the design is pretty cool. The van is quite simple but I think its pretty cute. I love the fact that the rear is a window. 2) Air Mail (7732) Like always I?ll start with shots of the box art and bloody DSS. The extras are OK: another great postal worker. You also have yet another red trolley with a package that is a bloody sticker yet again !! G TLC should have more printed parts !! That plane for me is a classic thing of beauty !! Really is consistent with the fantastic planes of the 80?s. That?s the kind of lanes TLC should produce instead of those huge Playmo planes. Actually I am happy that TLC released that one ? for once its not a bloody airline exclusive promo set !! Here are general pics. I love the engines of the plane: simple yet superb. Also the top hatch opens to insert mail and packages. The front control panel is a printed part !! I love the classic double train windows and here is a poc of the undeneath of the set. In conclusion I truly love these small sets: they are the perfect size (4 wide car yeay !!) and the colour pattern is amazing as well. I hope you enjoyed that review and do not hesitate to comment and ask pic requests if any ;-) *yoda*'], [1, "Great review Yoda. Thanks for sharing. I wasn't real fond of the postal truck at first. It's so different than those in the US. But after seeing your close-up images (esp. the back of the tuck), it looks really neat. I also like the mail box a lot. It looks good in red. Too bad for the stickers, but it's still nice. The plane reminds me a lot of the design used in the Jurassic Park set. As you've said, it's similar to 80s designs. I really like the brick-built design too. It's just real Lego - that's about all I can say. Very nice sets that are a must together. Thanks for the review."], [1, "Excellent review. You convinced me to buy these two. Could you tell me how much you payed for them? I think I'm gonna buy them tomorrow if they have it already (or if I don't see any cooler sets)."], [1, "I haven't spotted these in the US yet. I'm looking forward to finding them. Overall, the 2008 line-up is a excellent and it's going to be difficult for me to decide which themes/sets to pursue. There's a lot to choose from."], [1, "Thanks for the great review *yoda* . I'm definitely going to get that plane, I've sadly only owned one of the many Lego planes there is. :'-( TheBrickster, on Jan 5 2008, 11:23 AM, said: I haven't spotted these in the US yet. I'm looking forward to finding them. Overall, the 2008 line-up is a excellent and it's going to be difficult for me to decide which themes/sets to pursue. There's a lot to choose from. Really? Where do you live?"], [1, 'Nice review yoda I dont think I have ever read one with as much cursing of stickers! :-D I love these two little sets, the colour scheme the little different wheels on the post van and of course the new postmen uniforms! Would have been nice if they had included little satchels like in the new indiana jones sets, oh well! ;-) postman Yoda on! *yoda*'], [1, "Thanks for the takes on these two sets, Yoda. Stickers or not, I still think these are charming sets with all the essence and nostalgia of the older sets back in the 80/90's. Am I the first one to notice the new doors used in the back of the van. Not only is it using the popular new frame, but the old container doors have been redesigned to fit with the new frame as well. Pity they're not yellow, though."], [1, "Very nice, cheers Yoda! I'll definitely be getting the post van, not sure about the plane though. Both are awesome, but I think I have enough planes... Can you tell me though, the wheels on the van, are they rubber or plastic? They look a bit tacky..."], [1, 'these little sets are really nice! they cought my eye the minute i saw them! it would have been SO great if there was a post office to go with them! there are so few buildings in lego city the design is very classic and i am ofcourse considering to get them but it seems that i have a lot of small cars and planes on my desk! :-$ recently i took a flight with Cyprus Airways from Thessaloniki to Cyprus and the two promo plane sets were there! I was so tired though that i couldnt stay awake to buy them! im taking a flight again on Tuesday and i hope they are not out of stock!! thanks for a great review Yoda! a fine job as always! cant wait for your next one'], [1, "Aww man, is TLC really getting too cheap for printed parts? Shame on you TLC!! Despite those stickers these are two really neat sets. Especially the airplane. Classic *wub* Reminds me of that little plane my dad bought in an airplane. Not sure what's the set nr.. The window at the rear of the van looks like a normal window frame without the clips for the shutters. I never knew those existed 8-? Might come handy for ship building. Thanks for the review Yoda!"], [1, 'Thank you for the nice review Pity of the stickers but the design is nice 80ies on!'], [1, 'Great Review *yoda* (I find myself saying that line alot :-D ) I love these two little sets *wub* TLC continues the Great City Line that started in 07 and continues into 08 Its also nice to have other sub lines besides Fire and police :-| :-P I hope there are many more Postal Sets, like a Post office!!That would be sweet! Hope these are Mainstream and not those damn exclusives >:-( Postal ON! P'], [0, "Thanks for the review! I was always going to get these two sets, so you haven't swayed me at all!! X-D I reckon Lego could enhance this sub-theme by releasing a post motorbike (with or without a sidecar) and post office. Obviouly the office would be the hub of all the activity, while the post bike would take care of the postal run. This would free up the van to take or recieve bulk mail or parcels to or from the airport. It could then also do the parcel deliveries around the city. The office would also serve as the reciever for all the parcels the new goods truck might deliver. Just some thoughts, that's all!! *sweet*"], [0, "I need to do some catching up here :-P Matn, on Jan 5 2008, 05:16 PM, said: Could you tell me how much you payed for them? I think I'm gonna buy them tomorrow if they have it already (or if I don't see any cooler sets). I paid a tad more than the S@H price: I paid 15 for the plane and 8 for the van (sure its a tad more expensive but I didn't want to wait for TRU to get them) Freddie, on Jan 5 2008, 06:10 PM, said: Am I the first one to notice the new doors used in the back of the van. Not only is it using the popular new frame, but the old container doors have been redesigned to fit with the new frame as well. Pity they're not yellow, though. Great remark there, I guess I totally missed that one :-$ And I agree that yellow doors would have been better but those dark bley do not look that bad !! Mr Hobbles, on Jan 5 2008, 09:10 PM, said: Can you tell me though, the wheels on the van, are they rubber or plastic? They look a bit tacky... Rubber off course ;-) They do look a tad tacky but its because they are the thin type (like with the racers) and I am not a fan of those |-/ phoinix, on Jan 5 2008, 09:35 PM, said: cant wait for your next one Tks ;-) Me neither though :-P marvinblue, on Jan 6 2008, 03:31 AM, said: I reckon Lego could enhance this sub-theme by releasing a post motorbike (with or without a sidecar) and post office. Obviouly the office would be the hub of all the activity, while the post bike would take care of the postal run. This would free up the van to take or recieve bulk mail or parcels to or from the airport. It could then also do the parcel deliveries around the city. The office would also serve as the reciever for all the parcels the new goods truck might deliver. So true 8-? At one point I was thinking of a impulse set with a yellow bike, postman, post and letters (that would rock !!). I hope TLC adds to this sub theme and keeps that retro feel *wub* A yellow dirtbike with sidecar would be a sweet 5? set !! Also a small town feel post office would be so cool: like a 20/30? set ;-) We can be sure of one thing though, this year's advent calendar will have a postamn and small post office ;-) Post On !! *yoda*"], [1, 'Thanks for the review :-) I was actually considering getting these, but I saw they were overpriced for my tastes - too bad, theyre nifty lil things *wub*'], [1, 'loool : Spielberg goes on a career change :-D these are some nice sets. I really love that car. looks sleek'], [1, 'Thanks for a nice review and few comments to sets: Nice airplane, finally some reminiscence for Lego City Golden Era (for me years 1982-1992). Everything is nice, but two things are freezing a smile on my face. First of all the ugly new hinge used for plane roof. I have already 4032 and those new hinges are looking really terrible when compared f.e. with 6368. Second one is new minifig, I don?t know what I expected, but this torso design looks too simple and too cheap.. Concerning new car - I appreciate fact, that TLC makes after long long years again Postal sets, but I don?t like those new-style cars. Matchbox wheels and bad rate between drivers cockpit and cargo space are damping me from buying. 6651 Mail Truck or 105 Canada Post Truck were much better... Edited by Kanal-K1, 06 January 2008 - 07:33 PM.'], [0, "While the plane does look nice, I don't particularly care for the van. But the van does have some good parts, which is the only reason I would by one: yellow mud guards, the new windshield, and the small door on the rear."], [-1, 'Well first off, thanks yoda for the great review. :-) Hmmm... Well, i have to say, i\'m not at all impressed with any of these sets. I mean, there nice and all, but the van just seems way to small. It would have been nice if you could fit more than one package in it. I guessi\'m one of those that are more of the fan of the 6 wide trucks. And the plane.... Hm. this has a "cute" factor and all, but i mean com\'on... You have to open a hatch on the roof to get your packages in?? And what about getting them out? You have to flip the plane upside down? :-| Weak. They should have had a hinged rear end or a hatch on the side.'], [1, '5150 Lego, on Jan 7 2008, 06:08 AM, said: And the plane.... Hm. this has a "cute" factor and all, but i mean com\'on... You have to open a hatch on the roof to get your packages in?? And what about getting them out? You have to flip the plane upside down? :-| Weak. They should have had a hinged rear end or a hatch on the side. Yes, this is the LEGO charming! No stairs in buildings, cars with just one minifig, all those things that make LEGO what it is... Thanks Yoda for your review! Those posts sets will be mine, but I will wait to find them in my supermarket, even if I have to wait 2 or 3 months, I know that I will save some money, so I will buy more LEGO :-D There are simple designed sets, but we don\'t need more: two nice litle sets that are not oversized and too expensive.'], [0, "TheBrickster, on Jan 5 2008, 10:12 AM, said: I wasn't real fond of the postal truck at first. It's so different than those in the US. good point B... this design is just too foreign to my eyes for me to enjoy... i don't like either of these sets, very disapointing - the postal theme has so much potential. i don't really like the torsos either - too plain/cheap as kanal suggested. and i will agree that the wheels on the van look cheap. i was sooooo impressed with city 2007, this is a real let down. though, i am happy to see a small set with a postal box. so, even though, all that aside, i'll probably buy 6 of the van - just for the yellow mudgards, postal box and stickers to populate my city. and i think this set will provide some excellent piece to MOC a yellow civillian convertable with *sweet* - BM"], [0, "I'm glad to see the mail van has the doors that used to be on the older cargo containers. I had given up on those older ones, but now that they're still out there, I may invest in the older cargo system instead of the new 6-wide ones. Both sets are good enough, I'll get both. I'm hoping for a postal building too, even though I have the smaller of the old post offices. A nice big modern one would be great. I'm not too hung up about the design of the plane; I've got the neat old cargo plane with the tail that swings open (one of the best plane sets) for big packages. The truck is goofy looking, but if I get sick of looking at it I can rebuild it into a classic looking one. Great review by the way, the pictures are some of the better one I've seen in a review recently."], [1, '5150 Lego, on Jan 6 2008, 11:08 PM, said: Well first off, thanks yoda for the great review. :-) Hmmm... Well, i have to say, i\'m not at all impressed with any of these sets. I mean, there nice and all, but the van just seems way to small. It would have been nice if you could fit more than one package in it. I guessi\'m one of those that are more of the fan of the 6 wide trucks. I see your point that more cargo capacity would have been better. Nevertheless, my personal preference is for smaller "classic" scale City sets. The mail van is nice and small, and should fit well with my road plates and 1990s cars from the 4561 train. On a side note, did anyone notice the message on the back of both sets\' boxes, "designed for easy building and instant play"? It surprised me a little, since these sets seem no less complex than any other City set of late. They look like quick builds, sure, but not as though the designers went out of their way to simplify them.'], [0, "Thanks *yoda* for the great reviews. I love the airplane, it's really cute. The van needed to grow on me though but you did the trick. I don't like the wheels of the van. They will need replacing. And wouldn't everything have been better if they were completely red? Dr. Brick"], [1, 'Thanks for the great reviews, *yoda*! The car looks great. *y* And the plane is very cool too, and much more suited to a Lego town than the large planes. On!(?) X-D ~Peace'], [1, 'Hey everyone, my first 2008 set is this one, 5613. I thought I\'d share a review of it. *sweet* I\'d like to say sorry about my photos, they were taken quickly. first, we have the box: it is the smallest lego box I\'ve ever seen, and actually looks cute *wub* it will be heavy competition with playmobil\'s specials... back of the box, showing an action pose: the contents of the little box, with a very tiny instruction manual *wub* the manual unfolded. Notice that every part has its part number beside it :-) the back of the manual, showing some fire sets and the other Impulse sets the parts, 30 in total: the small set built. the firefighter has a small fire to extinquish, armed with an axe, chainsaw, other saw and foam... psssh thing X-D . five extra parts in a 30 part set! we get an extra black hatchet, yellow bar tap, light bley 1*1 plate, red 1*1 plate modified with fingers and 2*2 dark bley radar dish. Besides the plate, I\'ve never seen these as reserve parts... but I\'m not complaining X-D here is a small "alternate" model I created with it: a small bbq... what? He\'s hungry and he needs to put something on the bbq >:-) X-D Overall, you can\'t go wrong with these Impulse sets. I paid 2.89 euros for this little set, so thats a great value! Sadly the only impulse avaible were these 3 city sets (no police) and the alien Mars mission... Looking forward to the knight and magician as well as those Indy sets! TT'], [1, "Cool! Finally its an entire line I can actually afford to own every set! :-D I can't wait to get my hands on them! If its possible, could you give us the demensions of the box? It would be apprectiated. *y* DP8"], [0, "darthperson8, on Jan 5 2008, 11:02 PM, said: Cool! Finally its an entire line I can actually afford to own every set! :-D I can't wait to get my hands on them! If its possible, could you give us the demensions of the box? It would be apprectiated. *y* DP8 9.3 cm by 9.3 cm by 4.5 cm X-D TT"], [1, "Thanks for the review, Tanotrooper! This is a nice little set, with 2 axes (*wub* >:-)) and some nice parts. Cool alternate model too! X-D Tanotrooper, on Jan 6 2008, 09:07 AM, said: 9.3 cm by 9.3 cm by 4.5 cm X-D TT X-O Cute! I can't wait to see these Impulse sets in stores. *wub* ~Peace"], [1, 'Beach House Reviewed by Dunamis Set 4996 522 Pieces $29.95 from Target Build time 90 minutes Yet another interesting Creator theme house. This one comes fresh of the 2008 line of sets and promises 3 different models. Packing 522 pieces (albeit a lot of 1x1 plates) for only $29.95 it was hard to pass this one by as I was foraging for the new 2008 Star Wars sets at the local Target. Plus, I was itching to do another review since I had finally fully recovered from my marathon UCS Falcon review which took the better part a month to complete. The Box: The box is pretty standard Creator type box which shows off the three models (beach house, Caf? and ?towering? apartment building.) The back of the box shows some of the features of the three models. Interesting features of the three models prominently displayed on the back include: - Food counter complete with coffee (espresso) maker and food warmer (with chicken leg!) - Home office complete with laptop (and the ubiquitous coffee cup.) - Flip up roof granting access inside of beach house. Note the satellite TV dish and even rain gutters along the roofline! Opening the box is a matter of breaking two seals. We?re back to the reusable cereal box type tab system that we saw so often in 2007 sets. Note the parts inventory is on the side of the box as well. This is a nice feature. Once inside the box, we are greeted by eight sealed bags plus two yellow 16x2 plates and a green 32x16 baseplate. Thank goodness there is no DSS (dreaded sticker sheet) but alas there are no minifigs. In addition, there are the three manuals (one for each model) and they were stuffed into my box with the care of kid trying to put 10 gallons (or liters if you prefer) of candy in a 5 gallon bucket. But hey, we?re not collecting manuals here so who cares if the manuals are all bent and warped? The Manuals: The three manuals are 74, 72 and 48 pages in length. They are laid out well and are pretty standard with all the usual trimmings: - Piece call outs for each step - Parts inventory at the end of the primary model build - Page numbers Color separation in these manuals were fine for me. Plus, we get the usual verbose LEGO instructions on not dumping all your pieces outside in the grass and not to dump all your pieces into a single pile. Thanks for the tip, TLG! Parts list The Pieces: Pretty standard stuff here and as I mentioned, lots of 1x1 plates and tiles (at least 100.) However, we do get quite a few windows and a couple of doors. A majority of the color is black and yellow. I did see a few pieces that I was not familiar with so I?m going to show them below. Keep in mind I?m not a parts jockey so bear with me if I think a part is brand new for 2008 and it was actually released with the classic space line. 2x2 Window (fixed) and 4x3 window that opens: The follow photo shows the window glass (same as in Corner Caf?), door glass and new black parts. Turns out these black parts are used as wheels. I showed the window glass because it still contains the molding circle just like they did before. It is hard to see from the photo, but it is there. The door glass I think might be new: I don?t recall seeing these 2x2 round plates with clips before and I thought I would show the mail only because it is printed and not a sticker: I know these are common, but didn?t they have four studs on top? These only have two: How about this sloped 4x3 window that opens: Overall a nice assortment of parts with nothing juniorized. The Build: The build was fun and was fairly straightforward. Once you figure out which of the three models to build, it goes pretty quick. Here are a few shots: See how the inside is made: Look at the detail with the flowers and even the outside water faucet! Outdoor seating area: Upstairs being built: Upstairs with opening roof (notice the satellite TV dish): Check out the patio on the upstairs complete with outdoor light and rain gutters! Here?s my favorite, the BBQ grill. At least we know where those new parts go: Finally, check out the tree. No juniorization here! Here is what is left over: So far, I have only built the primary model. The others look interesting, especially the caf?. The Design: The design was well done. Very rich in detail. I love how there are no juniorized parts. The house is accessible by taking off the top floor (like Caf? Corner and Market Street). There is an internal staircase as well. There is no interior to speak of in the beach house, but there is in the other two models. The only real negative is that it is kind of small when you get it done. It would be nice if it was about 50% bigger. Here are a few views of the beach house with a few minifigs thrown in: Check out the close-up of the caf? which I think looks great: Also, here is a photo of the interior of the apartment building where you can see the office and computer: Overall Thoughts: It is a really nice set. A tad on the small side but it has some great detail and lots of features. Quick enough to build all three models and would fit real nice into an existing town plan. Is minifig scale, but does not come with any. Lots of window parts and black slopes. Is a nice diversion from the onslaught of Clone Wars ships that we can?t remember seeing from the movies. Final Rating: 84% Build 9/10 (Pretty quick and fun.) Functionality 9/10 (It is a Creator set so you have multiple varied builds. Diverse enough to keep the kids entertained.) Design 10/10 (Excellent and well thought out. Outstanding detail for such a small model.) Parts 6/10 (Fair, nothing earth-shattering but lots of slopes and windows.) Price 8/10 (Price ratio is good but you get a lot of little parts. Would be better with minifigs.) Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:38 PM. Indexed'], [1, 'Nice set and review. What I really like is that this set gives You a lot of ideas for Your own houses (MOCs)? KimT'], [1, 'Thanks for that really nice review Dunamis! Now it is even more harder for me to wait for this set. I hope my Legostore will get it tomorrow!! It is really nice. I?m a really big fan of the creator houses.. but that one is now the best one for me!!! I love the colour of it and of course the windows at the roof. *wub* Creator House ON!!! Greetings Sandra'], [1, "Love this set now more than ever. *wub* I knew I wanted it from the first leaked boxshots, especially with my love of yellow buildings (just ask Hinckley ;-) ). Great review, especially nice to see the closeup parts shots. Those new 2x2 white windows are very much like replacements for the classic 2x2 windows TLG stopped regularly making a while back, so it's great to see them. The wheels are trolley wheels, common in sets including stretchers and handcarts. The holder for them is a fairly recent part I think. I remember a couple coming in a little single minifig jet engine repair set I picked up in a S@H order within the last year. Oh honey, be sure to wrench that chicken before it burns! *wacko* Thanks for another excellent review of a set I'm even more excited about than before! *y*"], [1, 'Thanks for the review! I definitely plan on getting this one. Thanks again! *sweet*'], [1, 'Thank you for the nice review with many pictures. *y* :-D I already wanted this set, but the pictures make it I want even much/more.'], [0, "I didn't know that the other models in this set came with interiors. This changes everything!"], [0, "AgentRick57, on Jan 7 2008, 09:49 PM, said: I didn't know that the other models in this set came with interiors. This changes everything! Keep in mind there is not a lot of interior, just mainly what was shown in the last two photos of the review. Still, it does make the models really nice."], [1, "Great review, thank you. I have this on order for my youngest's birthday next month as our first venture into Creator. Looking towards the Town House thereafter, and then perhaps Town Plan or the Town House."], [1, 'Another great review from Dunamis Thanks! I will get it if I can find it on sale!!'], [1, 'Thanks for the review. *sweet* This set is on my when-I-see-it-I-buy list! X-D'], [1, "imperialshadows, on Jan 7 2008, 03:20 PM, said: Oh honey, be sure to wrench that chicken before it burns! *wacko* :-D :-D :-P Thanks for a great laugh! Good review of a good set, a real house with an actual staircase and a beautifully designed hinged window in the roof. I'll buy this."], [1, 'Thank you for the great review. I think, I?ll get 2 of these sets, so I can have the Beach House and the Caf? in my city. *sweet* dunamis, on Jan 7 2008, 10:35 AM, said: I did see a few pieces that I was not familiar with so I?m going to show them below. Keep in mind I?m not a parts jockey so bear with me if I think a part is brand new for 2008 and it was actually released with the classic space line. ... I know these are common, but didn?t they have four studs on top? These only have two: How about this sloped 4x3 window that opens: As for the fence: I know only the 2-stud version. 8-| And the window was used a lot in the 80s and 90s (even in the 2004 city airport). Don?t worry, I?m not complaining. It just came to my mind, because today I rebuild my 7866 (from 1983), which had 2 of these babys. >:-)'], [1, 'Thanks for this great review! I love this awesome set, the Creator line never disappoints. This is definitely a must-buy for me, just like the other creator houses. Batbrick Something! *wacko*'], [1, 'Thanks for the great review! Very in depth! *y* *y* Those wheel pieces are quite old by the way, I have 1 from some time ago. ~Peace'], [0, "I got this set on tuesday on the sunshine coast (i was on a holiday) and since Kmart were having a 15% off lego it was only $40 *y* . Im Modifying my Summer House (its pretty small) .So far i've put a small kitchen,toilet,fridge & freezer downstairs and up stairs i will try to fit a bed and computer also im going to attach a small garage for my minifigs car. 8-?"], [1, "My sister bought this last week. I'm so proud! :'-) This is a great set. Not too big, and it looks really nice... Will"], [0, 'I finally got around to finding this at my local TRU. Probably going to do an interior soon.'], [0, 'AgentRick57, on Jan 26 2008, 12:42 PM, said: Probably going to do an interior soon. Have fun.....its pretty hard theres hardly any room in my house now i will post pics soon. (i was able to fit a small fridge & freezer under the stairs 8-? )'], [0, 'Hey, Yesterday I got around to MOD my beachhouse too! I bought two boxes so I could have enough material for an extra floor and then I also added a kitchen, a vine in the backyard, storage for the upper floor... Try to spot the humongous flatscreen TV! http://www.brickshel...96/cimg2656.jpg Edited by takuto20, 23 March 2008 - 02:17 PM.'], [1, "I had this set, and it's really a very nice and excellent house! Thanks for the great review! Hehe, enjoy it very much. My fave part was the BBQ pit :-$"], [1, 'Very nice! I have been debating on whether or not to buy it-It would appear you made up my mind for me! *y*'], [1, 'takuto20, on Mar 22 2008, 04:54 AM, said: Hey, Yesterday I got around to MOD my beachhouse too! I bought two boxes so I could have enough material for an extra floor and then I also added a kitchen, a vine in the backyard, storage for the upper floor... Try to spot the humongous flatscreen TV! http://www.brickshel...96/cimg2656.jpg Very nice... I guess I should buy a second one too.... *y*'], [1, 'Looks like i\'ll need to buy another one i just started the garage (which is attached to the house) but i ran out of yellow bricks........... :\'-( >:-( btw nice moc takuto20 *y* i might have to "steal" your idea and make a third story since its abit tight downstairs to fit everything.......ooo yea and i like your kitchen and the dishwasher :\'-) ....... Edited by Darth_Legois_619, 23 March 2008 - 11:00 PM.'], [1, "Thanks for the review Dunamis, this is a great little set! I'm also very impressed with Takuto20's mods. I've been trying a few of my own. I liked the tower block design, but a lot of stuff needed fixing. Firstly I added a 4th wall, and made it so the storeys could be lifted off like in the other models. I also added flowers on the windowsills and doorways out on to the balconies. Still to be added is an extra door for the top floor which I'm going to get from the new doors and windows pack. I added a chimney that goes all the way up the back of the house, and has a fireplace on every level. Each floor is fully furnished with a fireplace, wash basin and bed on the upper levels... ...and a corner sofa and coffee table, plus an extra large fireplace on the ground floor. Finally here is my idea of what to do with two copies of this set! All the parts pictured are from 2x 4996, except 5 extra fence panels and the minifigs. The house on the left has it's garden at the rear."], [-1, '1. BEFORE BUYING Even if I am City fan, those new sized planes are really not mine cup of tea, my love to Lego is firmly frozen somewhere between years 1980-1995. Main reason to buy was, that I wanted to write a review at Czech Afol web Kostky.org. I bought it three days ago via web advertising, price was +- 35 USD. 2. AFTER OPENING THE BOX As presumed, some very big parts and three bags, and as an additional bonus lot of Danish air free of charge. First sight told me, that this will be really short and easy building.. 3. IMPRESSIONS DURING BUILDING ...and it was really true. 30 minutes of lazy building. Bag 1 - plane. Bag 2 - plane gondols with supports. Bag 3 - wings and propellers. When I saw the way, how is this plane made, I was strongly thinking to play Money for Nothing from Dire Straits as a music accordant with whole set. 4. IMPRESSIONS AFTER BUILDING - LOOKOUT Juniorized creeps. This is my first plane in this scale and for 99% the last one. Lack of details, lot of ugly big parts, from whole set you can see the main development target - to keep RRP at some certain low level. Inner space of airplane absolutely undone, no details, no luggage, no computers, nothing at all!! Just a lot, lot of air! The very only details in whole plane are the stickered pilots desk and some kind of seat constuction. 5. IMPRESSIONS AFTER BUILDING - PLAYABILITY But, what is playability at this set? Hydroplane, which cannot float (as seen on enclosed photos) ? If TLC will make some new kind of big parts used for gondolas, to make the plane floating, they will for sure make no other damage. Juniorization couldn?t be higher. You even cannot drive across the carpet with the plane. So, how to play? Open the doors, open the cabin part, and turn with propellers? Weak, Weak, Weak! 6. RESUMED IMPRESSIONS Sadly I must say, that at limited release sets TLC? boat seems to sailing to the worst part of the coast. After quite good 7344, perfect 7899 and 7900, strange, but acceptable 7998, juniorization came back with 7906, followed with this ugly Playmobilized 7732. 7. FINAL WORD In fact, even 15 USD seems to be too much for this kind of set. 35 USD, expected RRP in our country, is really overpriced to hell. Neither set, nor minifig is not interesting. TLC maybe knows about juniorization as well, as nowhere on the box the number of pieces isn?t written. If you my AFOL friends want to spent your bucks, better give half of the price to African orphans. You will save your money, and you will have a good feeling! All the photos you can see below, as I cannot upload onto this topic due to some limit.. http://www.kostky.or...c=15954.new#new Edited by Kanal-K1, 16 January 2008 - 10:32 PM.'], [-1, "Ah great review Kanal-K1 (and welcome to EB! :-D ), I was waiting for one of this set. Not that I was expecting anything good, I won't buy it. I agree with thr playability, it does seem weak. What can you do with it. Swoosh it? :-/ Big step backwards LEGO... :-( Dr. Brick"], [-1, 'I think this is one to leave on the shelf with the giant dump truck of 2006 and the hovercraft of 2007!'], [-1, "A big thumbs down for me. This doesn't look like Lego at all :-| *n* *n* *n* *n* *n* out of *n* *n* *n* *n* *n*"], [-1, 'Howly cow! This is *y* *y* *y* for you for making a review so fast! Thank you so much. Hope it keeps a lot of people from buying. :-| Kanal-K1, on Jan 16 2008, 09:26 PM, said: When I saw the way, how is this plane made, I was strongly thinking to play Money for Nothing from Dire Straits as a music accordant with whole set. :-D LOL! :-D , great comment! Kanal-K1, on Jan 16 2008, 09:26 PM, said: This is my first plane in this scale and for 99% the last one. This will never be my first or last plane and that for 100% :-X 7723 Crap plane OFF!'], [-1, 'Review gets *y* *y* , ugly plane gets :-X. Thanks for the review!'], [-1, 'Thanks for the review, but Its an utter pass for me on this one - I already have a huge juniorized plane from the airport set - one is enough for me! :-$'], [-1, "I have the big passenger plane so I'll be passing on this one. One big juniorised plane is enough for me! If I didn't have the passenger plane though I'd rather get the Cargo plane. There's enough Police in my city as it is!"], [0, 'Am I the only that one that thinks it is not SO BAD???????????????????????What I am trying to say is wouldn\'t planes be this big in real life???I know it has a lot of big pieces but how would they make them any smaller,or how would they the big pieces into a bunch of tiny pieces?well any way I do think in some cases that if there is any "juniorized" involved it should be with duplo. complaning OFF'], [-1, "Thanks for the review! *sweet* I am stunned at the lack of an interior... not that it makes much difference as I wasn't likely to want this set anyway as I own the passenger plane from last year. Sorry to steal your image, but I just had to post this! :-P"], [0, "Thks for this caustic review :-D I'll wait for the parts on bricklink. I think you're a bit unfair with this small oversized submarine - oups sorry, I mean plane. Here are some advantages I tried to imagine : 1. that's the first submarine with a plane nose, 2. That's the first unprinted nose, 3. That's the first shark that make me laugh, and which has a plain white fin 4. And at last, you should have notice that that the first submarine with a wing made of several plates It is said that this set has more than 200 parts... Hide and seek ! X-D You may have lost several bags I'm eager that people buy this set a lot : I'd like to buy a lot of these new white 4x4x2 curved slope for my MOCs. Can you take a picture of the plane crashing in the sink ? Is it fire proof ? I think that will be too easy this year to decide what is the crap of year ..."], [-1, "Sinner, on Jan 17 2008, 04:48 PM, said: This picture sums it all up and is quite symbolic.... Going down to Davy-Jones' locker for good. Just pull the plug out of your bathtub. But wait... it won't fit through the drain because it's too big :-( Come on, they could have at least put one tiny little seat inside that horrible fuselage! :-X :-X"], [-1, 'Thanks for the review, unfortunately the pictures did not load for me! I have to say having seen other images, I do agree with your comments, the plane is far to big, and not enough details. That sums it up for me!'], [-1, "simonwillems, on Jan 17 2008, 11:52 AM, said: This picture sums it all up and is quite symbolic.... Going down to Davy-Jones' locker for good. :-D - great picture"], [-1, "daoudbazaar, on Jan 17 2008, 05:21 PM, said: Thks for this caustic review :-D I'll wait for the parts on bricklink. I think you're a bit unfair with this small oversized submarine - oups sorry, I mean plane. Here are some advantages I tried to imagine : 1. that's the first submarine with a plane nose, 2. That's the first unprinted nose, 3. That's the first shark that make me laugh, and which has a plain white fin 4. And at last, you should have notice that that the first submarine with a wing made of several plates It is said that this set has more than 200 parts... Hide and seek ! X-D You may have lost several bags I'm eager that people buy this set a lot : I'd like to buy a lot of these new white 4x4x2 curved slope for my MOCs. Can you take a picture of the plane crashing in the sink ? Is it fire proof ? I think that will be too easy this year to decide what is the crap of year ... Great comments, ROFL, ROFL, ROFL. :-D :-D :-D Concerning last sentence - I have seen or built hundreds of different sets issued since 1980 until now, but this plane is really a hot candidate not only for Crap of the year, but for Crap of the decade... Last two days I thought about the sense of this set, and, finally, I was enlighted - I must call to my folks living in a small village, I am pretty sure, that they will be happy for a new house for their pullets. Edited by Kanal-K1, 17 January 2008 - 06:31 PM."], [-1, "i have to agree with almost all of the replies here that This set is the most ugliest looking Lego Set I have ever seen. If I have never seen this set, and ppl showed it to me, I would have thought it would be some little kid's MOC or something (no offence!) Huge juniorized pieces, bad color theme (i would say it would look better if the wing is white), no interior and huge DSS! I will avoid this set like the plague. I own the entire CITY line (except for the airport) and planning to get all the CITY stuff that Lego releases. But, this set will ruin my plans coz I will avoid it... unless someone gives it to me for free. haha *wacko* Boo LEGO BOO! :-X"], [-1, "Brick Miner, on Jan 18 2008, 05:01 AM, said: :-D - great picture Agreed! :-D :-D Wonderful review, now I'll never even consider getting this set (not that I did before... X-D). Thanks for your insight! ~Peace"], [-1, "I'll probably get the nice green Cargo plane. But not this. How can the same hull pieces be used for full size jets and what's supposed to be a small seaplane."], [0, "What I don't understand is what sort of crime this seaplane is exactly designed to fight that the multitude of other crimefighters in Lego City can't handle."], [-1, 'This still looks like a cool set but the price not so much. Do all lego police set come with the polizei option or just ones from europe i have not bought a police set in years. Edited by LEGOMAN132, 11 September 2008 - 05:30 PM.'], [-1, 'LEGOMAN132, on Sep 11 2008, 07:26 PM, said: This still looks like a cool set but the price not so much. Do all lego police set come with the polizei option or just ones from europe i have not bought a police set in years. LEGOMAN, why are you kicking a topic from the beginning of this year with such an irrelevant reply after all?!'], [1, "LEGOMAN132, on Sep 11 2008, 06:26 PM, said: This still looks like a cool set but the price not so much. The price is now €20 in Ireland on S@H, which is reasonable considering the large fuselage pieces. Has anyone modded this set to make a reasonable looking plane? I am thinking of buy it to do so, but I don't want to take a risk and end up with lots of useless pieces. Aswell as -€20."], [1, 'Hello and welcome to another Redman set review! Well, actually, the first Redman set review! I\'m your host, Redman, and today I adorn my medieval outfit to tell you about the Impulse set simply titled "The Knight". This is a great set, with 14 pieces, 2 of which are spare, and a minifig with 2 weapons, 2 helmets, and some shiny armour. All this is packaged in a tiny box, just short of 10 cm? (or 3? inches?), with a neat little instruction manual that folds up to the size of the weapons rack included in the set. As you can see, this set only costs a measly 7 NZD. (Disclaimer: Redman not included.) Here we see the box, clearly showing what the box holds. On the top we see a 1:1 scale picture of a minifig, for those new to Lego, or who have forgotten how big a minifig is I guess. :-/ X-D The instruction manual, showing the nice and easy built, with me for size comparison. :-D (*Sorry about the dark image, I had to lean over the light to get a birds eye pic. ;-)*) Here we see the 2 different soldiers you can make with the set; a knight, and a guard or standard troop or soldier or whatever you want to call him... (Note, each set comes with only 1 minifigure, and additional accessories.) Of course you know I\'m in the picture just for the sake of it, I\'m not really one of the soldiers. X-D The neat little weapons rack, or rather equipment rack, as it holds not only a weapon but a shield (except the ovoid ones), helmet, and armour. Nice and easy storage, so your equipment won\'t get dirty lying around on the ground. :-D One of the spare parts is another of those robot hands, so you can stick that in place of the shield and allow the rack to hold 2 weapons. Just thought you\'d like to know that. :-$ And here we see the nifty little structure of the thing. It can even support a whole minifig! Note the grey stud on the bottom bar is a spare part, I just find it better used there to hold the armour. :-) Huh? I don\'t remember this picture... 8-| It appears I drifted off, and these guys don\'t look too happy I overtook their weapons equipment rack. :-$ I should go... X-D So, in conclusion this is a great set for army building, at a reasonable price, with nice equipment, and it can be picked up as a little extra with your normal shopping. X-D That\'s all for today folks! *sweet* [/Redman] So, what do you think? Should I continue with these Redman Reviews ? (:-P), or just stop now? X-D Comments and criticism welcome! :-$ ~Peace'], [1, "An excellent first time (?) review iamded! *y* Well, atleast a first time Redman review anyway. I really enjoy Redman, I hope to see him pop up more often. Your pics are great now that you ditched the phone :-P , and you've shown the set from many different angles and perspectives. Thanks for this brilliant review, you have certainly convinced me to get a few of these, and then some X-D Redman ON! EDIT: BTW, is it just me, or does my new avatar make me seem a bit creepy? 8-| Batbrick is Back! >:-) Edited by Batbrick, 18 January 2008 - 12:39 PM."], [1, "Nice review, iamded. I'd better go and check Toyworld tommorrow *sweet* Shame about the price though, only 3 more dollars to get Crossbow Attack :-( iamded, on Jan 19 2008, 12:44 AM, said: And here we see the nifty little structure of the thing. It can even support a whole minifig! :-D Batbrick, on Jan 19 2008, 01:36 AM, said: EDIT: BTW, is it just me, or does my new avatar make me seem a bit creepy? 8-| Batbrick, you've always been a bit creepy :-P X-D"], [1, "Great review iamded! Lots of pics, all the details. Wish I could find some of these sets locally, but so far no luck. :'-( I fully intend to steal your use of a character to do the reviewing, should I ever do one like this. X-D Oh, and if EB News Presents ever needs someone to do a commercial, we'll be sure to get in touch with you. *y* Batbrick, on Jan 18 2008, 07:36 AM, said: BTW, is it just me, or does my new avatar make me seem a bit creepy? 8-| Are you sure it's the avatar doing it? 8-| :-D ;-)"], [1, 'TinyPiesRUs, on Jan 18 2008, 11:47 PM, said: Batbrick, you\'ve always been a bit creepy :-P X-D Or have I? MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! *skull* imperialshadows, on Jan 18 2008, 11:51 PM, said: Are you sure it\'s the avatar doing it? 8-| I don\'t know, maybe it just me doing this: "MUHAHAHJAHAHAHAHA! *skull* " all the time, could be..... Anyway, great review, I think I will get 5 of these X-D Batbrick Away! >:-)'], [0, 'very good reviews, i think that redman is really ok, a very little cute curious fig... sadly he is not in the impulse set... ;-) I wish to see redman still around about your creepy avatar, yes, it look a bit creepy *skull* nausicaakro (this impulse set is storage in 8 copies, with 8 wizard set, 16 city set (2x), 16 mission to mars set... so if you want buy 10 of this (like me) you must find 2 different toy center)'], [1, 'You should continue with these Redman Reviews There great!!!'], [1, "Nice review, very detailed. *y* As for the spare parts, mine didn't come with any. Both dark grey 1x1 round plates are used on the weapons rack (one for the armour, one for the helmet) and I only got one robot hand for holding weapons."], [1, "Thanks everyone for your positive feedback, it's really appreciated! :-D You'd be surprised how long that 'Redman Presents' thing up the top took me to make! X-D So, it appears people do like Redman, expect him to be reviewing The Good Wizard and Battle Arachnoid in near future! (I know those have already been reviewed, but New Zealand never gets sets first, so I'll just be reviewing the sets I get. X-D) TheFrisian, on Jan 19 2008, 04:44 AM, said: Nice review, very detailed. *y* As for the spare parts, mine didn't come with any. Both dark grey 1x1 round plates are used on the weapons rack (one for the armour, one for the helmet) and I only got one robot hand for holding weapons. That's strange, maybe I'm just lucky. X-D I also got 2 spare orange Viking horn pieces in my Battle Arachnoid. :-D ~Peace"], [1, "I like Redman, he'd make a good superhero. Good review! Edit: 200 posts! Edited by AgentRick57, 19 January 2008 - 05:58 AM."], [1, "Thanks, AgentRick! Actually Redman's based on the wrestling costume version of Spider-man, as seen in this set. *sweet* ~Peace"], [-1, 'I would have purchased a few of these except for the fact that I do not like the new torso that they use.'], [1, "Well today i finally got my hands on set 7038, now since the moment i first saw pics of this set i knew it was for me. So lets start with the new troll helmet and torso, these are both great. This troll really stands out as a leader when next to the usual trolls in the dwarf mining set: Ok so here's a few shots of the front of the set: Now one thing i really like about this set is the way that lego have placed the back wheels higher than the front. This allows the set to really appear to being pulled: Here we have a shot at the missiles on the wagon, these are better than some around i have to say. If you look just behind the bottom missile you will see a simple firing device, simply push it down and then let it go to see those missiles fire: The troll flag is moved behind the missiles for firing: One thing that does bother me about this set is the lack of anything on the rear, ok it's easy to fix with a little moc'ing so it's not the end of the world but i would of liked something placed there: Now lets move on to the Crownie's wagon, this is simple yet good for holding weapons: As for the Crown knights themselves, well there the ones from the impulse sets which is great IMO: Here's a few quick shots of the 2 larger trolls we have so far, i prefer the sand green one. What about you? Well that's the end for now, requests for pics and comments are welcome. Overall i rate this set as a must for anyone who's a fantasy castle fan, i know i'll be getting more of this set...... As for the new wagon well it's joined up with the other trolls: I do hope the impules crownies i bought today can handle them, oh and yes i did change the knights heads X-D : Fantasy war on!! *vader*"], [1, 'Awesome review!! I like the turkey leg hanging in front of the troll X-D Yea the back looks a little....Empty 8-| Well Overall I enjoyed the review! See ya soon!'], [0, 'seems like a good set should i get it? BTW how did you get you hands on this?'], [0, "Commander Andrew of 501 st, on Jan 19 2008, 12:51 AM, said: seems like a good set should i get it? BTW how did you get you hands on this? Well if you like the Fantasy line then yes, if not no. I had to get this set through Shop @ Home, took ages to get here i'm sorry to say."], [1, "Looks like an ace set :-$ I may get this just for the sand green troll, even if I'm not a great castle fan, I do want one of them things! *wub* I also love the goblin's new metal flaked helmet, and the same style with the wheels. They look very nice. The chicken leg fishing pole is always fun too :-$"], [1, "Nice review. *sweet* This is a must buy for me since I *wub* the new sand green giant troll! Now I just have to wait until it's available in the US :'-( General Tarful"], [1, "Thanks for this excellent review Vader! It seems you are succumbing to the Castle side of the force. I love the new helmet, and the new Orc torso is fantastic as well, which is great to see that the Troll Faction has many ranks too. The Troll himself I love, I agree with you in saying I prefer the sand green version. The battle wagon is cool, one of the better wagon designs, and the flag is a great touch which improves it. Sadly the back is rather empty, but a few mods'll change that :-) And of course this set includes the infamous chicken pole! One pic request, if you have time Vader, could you please post a few pics of the new helmet on its own, and on a human soldier please? Batbrick is Back! >:-)"], [1, "Thanks for the review *vader*! The first picture of the troll is great, the gold armour really shines! X-D A fantastic set, I'll definitely get a couple of these! *wub* As for the Ogres/'giant trolls', the dark tan one fits in the mine setting well, but for above ground, settings, I prefer the sand green one. *y* ~Peace Edited by iamded, 19 January 2008 - 10:21 AM."], [0, 'Batbrick, on Jan 19 2008, 01:19 AM, said: One pic request, if you have time Vader, could you please post a few pics of the new helmet on its own, and on a human soldier please? Batbrick is Back! >:-) Here you go: Front: Side: Back: *vader*'], [1, 'Some people say they like the Shadow Knight Helmet better, but this one is way better!'], [1, 'Thanks for that Vader, I love this helmet *wub* It will certainly work great as an asian dynasty war helm I reckon. Thanks again. Batbrick is Back! >:-)'], [0, "Batbrick, on Jan 19 2008, 01:39 AM, said: Thanks for that Vader, I love this helmet *wub* It will certainly work great as an asian dynasty war helm I reckon. Thanks again. Batbrick is Back! >:-) Yeah it's alot better than the other one, i'll have to buy some extra ones now just to replace the old ones |-/ Still let's hope the new impulse set has the new version *y*"], [1, "This is fantastic, I love the new helmets for the goblins *sweet* I've always loved the chicken leg thing, really screams LEGO to me! At least how LEGO used to be :'-( Great little bit The goblins are awesome too, and the sand green one should look good next to the tan ones...gives a nice feeling of a real species. In reality not all members of a species are identical, it's great seeing them in different colors. Great review X-D"], [1, 'Those extra helmet pictures just seal how much I love those new helmets *wub* They look so great.'], [1, 'Thank you for the review, vader! That set looks worth buying! 8-? i think you gave me a good reason to buy it... ;-)'], [-1, "Great review, Vader :-) As I've said before, this is a nice set, but doesn't really come with anything that doesn't come with the other sets of the line. For this reason, it will be somewhere at the bottom of my list for 2008. Also, I like torso and helmet of the Dwarf Mining orcs much better. The colours make the torso look rather dull and boring, while the other, more brown one, looks much clearer and more exciting. I think I like the *knight* helmet better too, looks more covering and threatening than this one, although I'll save my judgement until I have one in my hands. Thanks again Vader ;-) EDIT: Forgot to mention, hilarious pic in your sig, Vader :-D Edited by TinyPiesRUs, 19 January 2008 - 08:28 AM."], [1, "Thanks for the review! i love this set! it's a cheap way to get green trolls, and i love the new helmet, it looks great and I think it will be very usefull for other factions as well. *sweet* DNL"], [-1, "A Troll driven by a turkey leg, what a wonderful little detail!!! :-D :-D Thanks for the review Vader. Very clever, using a flag to hide that crazy firing device. I find it rather odd they used blue pins for this. Black or gray would've been alot more discrete. About the big trolls, I think using different colours is good. I don't think a troll force would be very organized, so different colours would make the effect complete *y* . As for your troops, looks quite fearsome! Definitely compared to my pathetic number of soldiers.. :-$ A nice set, but I would rather get the Attack on Tower though.. no matter about the price difference."], [-1, "Mr Tiber, on Jan 19 2008, 11:16 PM, said: A Troll driven by a turkey leg, what a wonderful little detail!!! :-D :-D Thanks for the review Vader. Very clever, using a flag to hide that crazy firing device. I find it rather odd they used blue pins for this. Black or gray would've been alot more discrete. About the big trolls, I think using different colours is good. I don't think a troll force would be very organized, so different colours would make the effect complete *y* . As for your troops, looks quite fearsome! Definitely compared to my pathetic number of soldiers.. :-$ A nice set, but I would rather get the Attack on Tower though.. no matter about the price difference. Oh don't get me wrong i love the dark tan troll, i just prefer the sand green one. Your right about trolls not being organized, and i like to think that the trolls are from different areas etc."], [0, 'Vader, on Jan 19 2008, 01:32 AM, said: Am I the only one who thinks this helmet looks a bit like the Juggernaut from X-men?'], [1, "Vader, on Jan 19 2008, 12:45 AM, said: Here's a few quick shots of the 2 larger trolls we have so far, i prefer the sand green one. Nice comparison shot, judging from these pics, I think I have to agree with you that green suits the Troll better. Especially since the Orcs are sand green as well, indicating some relation between the two races (if they are indeed separate races). Great review, very detailed and with lots of pictures. I was already interested in this set, but after reading your review I want this set for sure! *y*"], [0, 'TheFrisian, on Jan 20 2008, 03:04 PM, said: Am I the only one who thinks this helmet looks a bit like the Juggernaut from X-men? Now you menton it i think you are right, that really would work well as a film version *y*'], [1, 'Tks for the review mate ;-) Now I have to bloody wait long because Lego France has this line available in freaking march >:-( Pissed *yoda* On !! :-D I love the "new" goblin :-P That helmet is really cool. Why on Earth TLC didn\'t include that one in the dwarf mine ? Such another idiotic move |-/ Anyone keeping track of TLC\'s stupidity lately ? That would be interesting !! I clearly want a huge goblin army now hehe !! And I totally agree with you mate, the troll lokks better in sand green. The cart itself is pretty lame IMO - just a sordid excuse to include yet another annoying shooting crappy device. But for a 21? set its okie I say ;-) Need my bad guys On !! *yoda*'], [0, 'xwingyoda, on Jan 22 2008, 04:26 PM, said: Tks for the review mate ;-) Now I have to bloody wait long because Lego France has this line available in freaking march >:-( Pissed *yoda* On !! :-D I love the "new" goblin :-P That helmet is really cool. Why on Earth TLC didn\'t include that one in the dwarf mine ? Such another idiotic move |-/ Anyone keeping track of TLC\'s stupidity lately ? That would be interesting !! I clearly want a huge goblin army now hehe !! And I totally agree with you mate, the troll lokks better in sand green. The cart itself is pretty lame IMO - just a sordid excuse to include yet another annoying shooting crappy device. But for a 21? set its okie I say ;-) Need my bad guys On !! *yoda* I believe there is a topic around here somewhere based on bad lego ideas. After getting this new helmet i really wish lego had included it with the mining set, it\'s bloody annoying having to buy yet more of them from BL :\'-( The shooting bit is better than some sets that have had one, at least this one is smartly done and of course it can also be hidden.'], [0, "Thanks for the review of a set I would otherwise probably have passed on. Out of curiosity how did you 'know it was for you'? You seem to be building quite a collection. Why castle now? Was the fantasy element all it took? Just curious. Thanks again and God Bless, Nathan"], [1, 'Lego City Truck & Forklift Set # 7733 Pieces: 343 Price: $24.99 (USD) Store of Purchase: Toys R\'Us Release Date: January 2008 After discussion of the mysterious yellow cargo contained in this new City transport set and a visit to my local TRU, I purchased this set. I was immediately pleased with the price/piece which I think is pretty reasonable (343 pieces for $25). Starting with the box, great City artwork boasting "Special Edition": Tha backside of the box (no alternate models comes as no surprise): The dreaded decals (I was looking for the skull and bones for radioactive, but no such luck): My favorite part of the set, a very clever forklift: Side view: And the backside: What I like about the forklift is the bars across the top giving the vehicle a "real-life" design. The double wheels in the front with two pieces that can hold the wheels also adds to a clever design: I like the figs (although not much new - perhaps I\'ll make the driver into a werewolf later): The set includes three cargo pallets, the first some sort of fuel with gauge: The 2nd, two Indy containers, and a square 2x4 brick (I have not put the decals on yet): And the mysterious yellow cargo. Your guess is as good as mine :-$ . On to the truck, the front section: The front grill: Another angle: The back: I like the opening mechanism that is very simple, but works well. Also is the large plate tile piece inside. I like this because the entire interior has no studs: And the trailer section of the truck: Orange and yellow tail lights: And the rear trailer open: The complete set: Summary: This is a neat set that reminds me a bit of classic Lego City (but larger). It is very playable and has a lot of accessories adding to the value. The build was very simple, and enjoyable (took me about an hour). It is a great addition to a number of City sets including the Cargo Ship, Container Stacker, the World City Cargo Train, and the new Cargo Plane. As I mentioned previously, I have not yet put on the decals that I\'m sure will really add to the overall look of the set. The forklift is awesome and I like the cargo containers. The truck could have benefited from a few additional details (chrome smokers, and an undercarriage box that really opens). Considering everything, I would buy this set again. Hope you enjoy and perhaps this mysterious cargo will make its way into a Brickster Mystery. *y*'], [0, 'question: what\'s different with this "special edition"? btw, nice shots!'], [1, 'The forklift is amazing, and nice design of the opening side doors aswell. Thanks for the review, I may actually pick this one up ;-)'], [0, 'adik_sa_lego, on Jan 18 2008, 11:57 PM, said: question: what\'s different with this "special edition"? btw, nice shots! Im guessing the main difference is the fact that the box says special edition.'], [0, "General Kannon, on Jan 19 2008, 05:10 AM, said: Im guessing the main difference is the fact that the box says special edition. It's either that or it's a ToysRUs exclusive set, as my Armoured Drilling Unit box also had special edition on it."], [0, "Brickmaster, on Jan 19 2008, 12:27 AM, said: It's either that or it's a ToysRUs exclusive set, as my Armoured Drilling Unit box also had special edition on it. Special Edition mean that it's a store exclusive set. the cargo theme is a TRU exclusive, and another example is thr tie crawler is exclusive to Target. also, can th doors be opened on either side?"], [1, 'Thanks for the review! That forklift is wonderful! *wub* I may have to pick this one up convince dragonator to pick this one up! :-D Too bad it can only hold 1 crate. :-/ ~Peace'], [0, 'AgentRick57, on Jan 18 2008, 09:48 PM, said: can th doors be opened on either side? No, just one side. I\'m not sure why the "Special Edition". It appears to be the same set as Lego SAH?'], [1, "Wow, 8-? great review. *y* I usually don't buy City sets but I think I might get this one just for that awsome forklift! *wub* General Tarful"], [0, "I'm curious, for those of you who are not into City sets and want this set for the forklift, what would you use it for?"], [0, ','], [0, "Mr Tiber, on Jan 19 2008, 10:26 AM, said: Hmmm, put it in my pirate port and use it to carry rum! Perhaps that's the mysterious cargo. Mr. Tiber replaced the petro with rum... :-D"], [-1, 'Thank you very much for your nice review, The Brickster! *y* Although I really like this set I?m sooo disappointed about the big "on the cabin" brick :-X , that I probably won?t buy it. TLC could easiliy have done so much better with bricks already in use, like these: or or No, that juniorized part is a thorn in my side. >:-( But I have use for those new canisters. *wub*'], [0, 'Holodoc, on Jan 19 2008, 11:10 AM, said: Although I really like this set I?m sooo disappointed about the big "on the cabin" brick :-X , that I probably won?t buy it. It\'s really not bad. It is big, but not a show stopper for me.'], [0, 'Thanks for the review. I think the special edition is just for making people intrested and make them want to buy that set or something.'], [0, "Some guy, on Jan 19 2008, 11:17 PM, said: I think the special edition is just for making people intrested and make them want to buy that set or something. Hmm, that's a thought, but why would they pick this particular set? I would expect they'd do that with a slightly bigger set, like the heavy hauler perhaps. Why do you think they'de pick this one?"], [0, "Mr Tiber, on Jan 19 2008, 02:46 PM, said: Hmm, that's a thought, but why would they pick this particular set? I would expect they'd do that with a slightly bigger set, like the heavy hauler perhaps. Why do you think they'de pick this one? Good question. Maybe it's merely a gimick to help push the city sets with all the other competing themes. The cement mixer is a special edition as well."], [1, "this set looks pretty good to me, It is six wide isn't it? That is nice for a truck like this"], [-1, "highlandcattle, on Jan 20 2008, 09:15 AM, said: this set looks pretty good to me, It is six wide isn't it? That is nice for a truck like this Yes, 6-wide. The only problem with these big trucks is how they look on the city roadplates (I've always thought too big), compared to Classic City trucks. Getting off topic, I'd like to see Lego make a car transport truck. I don't think I've ever seen one in Lego. It would definately have to be 6-wide, or even larger."], [-1, "Great review! My only grip with this set is you can only fit one pallet in the truck. It should have been the same size as the trailer so you can at least fit 2 pallets. Seems like alotof wasted space. If i'm going to transport cargo, i want to use the maximum amount of space aviable!! X-D"], [0, "5150 Lego, on Jan 20 2008, 11:50 AM, said: Great review! My only grip with this set is you can only fit one pallet in the truck. It should have been the same size as the trailer so you can at least fit 2 pallets. Seems like alotof wasted space. If i'm going to transport cargo, i want to use the maximum amount of space aviable!! X-D That's a fair gripe. Someone else mentioned it above as well. I thought the same thing when I went to load it."], [1, "I got this set last week and just to add a few of my own points CONS: - The forklift spring feels a bit flimsy - I don't know how long it will last or how much stress it would take - and the end coil isn't really heavily secured to the lift mechanism. Time will tell on that one. - 30 stickers! It's the Exo-Force of City sets! The truck set does look less plain with them on though. I would reccomend lining them up with the green brick in the second container rather than applying the first lot without a guide or they may end up uneven - It's very hard to put the minifig in the forklift without dismantling (or breaking open) the set slightly - The cargo box attached to the main cabin of the truck doesn't hold very strongly - Minifigs are dull - that dark blue torso with pattern is way overused - green stickers are a different green to the bricks themselves PROS: - lots of nice pieces including the large white panels and cargo pieces, and i like the green/ white colour scheme - the cargo doors open well and the hingeing mechanism doesn't stand out to the detriment of the rest of the set (as some people have complained about the mail airplane) - studless floor in cargo containers makes it easy to move pallets in and out - fits in better than the Heavy Hauler to a minifig sized city - new 1x1x4 slope! (at least I hadn't seen it before) OVERALL - nice set with some good pictures, although a bit flimsy, and way too many stickers - the same issues I have with the Cargo Plane as well (although that had more colour issues)."], [0, 'hey, thanks for the review The Brickster! i was just wondering if you could possibly upload a picture of the instructions for the forklift, and, if possible, tell me the piece # of the 1x4 slope bricks (to bricklink them). thanks!'], [0, "ricecracker, on Jan 21 2008, 05:28 PM, said: hey, thanks for the review The Brickster! i was just wondering if you could possibly upload a picture of the instructions for the forklift, and, if possible, tell me the piece # of the 1x4 slope bricks (to bricklink them). thanks! I don't have a scanner for the instructions, but the 1x4 slope is listed as piece #4515362 in the instructions."], [0, "thats fine, as its not a neccesity. and thanks for the piece #. EDIT: hmm...that's interesting, i just bricklinked it and it is not cataloged yet, oh well Edited by ricecracker, 22 January 2008 - 03:47 AM."], [1, 'Greetings, and welcome to another Redman Review! I\'m your host, Redman, and today I adorn my medieval outfit to tell you about the Impulse set simply titled "The Knight". No wait, that\'s the old script. X-D I mean, "The Good Wizard". *sweet* The other Castle Impulse set (the first being \'The Knight\'), this is a wonderful, and in my case unexpected addition to the Castle line! I did not expect to get a nice good wizard, but rather another plain white skellie for the Impulse, and was pleasantly surprised when I saw the first picture of this set. The Impulse sets give you pieces you wouldn\'t expect to see in such small sets, for example, The Knight came with the armour, and this comes with an owl, a gem, and a crystal ball piece. It comes with 11 pieces, including the wand, owl, and gem, and no spares, which doesn\'t really matter as it doesn\'t need any. The box sports the set number, age range (which I blissfully ignore X-D), awesome Castle logo, and the assembled set, with the usual 1:1 scale picture of a minifig. The back of the box shows pictures of the boxed Skeleton Tower and King\'s Castle Siege sets. Note the price is in New Zealand dollars, and is really the same prica as any other Impulse set. Next are the instructions, which are separated into 3 parts, 1 for the minifigure, 1 for the table, and one for the bird stand. Very simple, also worth mentioning is the parts numbers are next to their respective parts, for replacement parts etc. On the back we see (on the top half) pictures of Skeleton Prison Carriage, Skeleton Tower, and King\'s Castle Siege, this time not of the boxed sets, but the sets themselves. On the lower half we have 8 pictures, each of the different Impulse sets. The Wizard\'s torso is plain sand blue, with no patterns or anything, but it doesn\'t really matter is his beard\'s in the way. ;-) The head is that same old \'white fade to grey beard\' head, but the white beard covers up most of the grey. My favourite part is the pants, I love that we\'re getting printed belts and legs again. His belt has 4 gold crosses (as seen in, if you look closely, the new Crownie\'s torso and the Crownie archer\'s torso) and a belt buckle, and the legs have a bottle, a coin, and a small bag. Nice little wizard-ey items. The, er, items, no, accessories, no, models? The stuff in the set include a little stand for the owl, and a table utilising the new 4x4 round piece in light bley, with the crystal ball in the middle, encasing the yellow gem held on by a 2x2 circle piece in blue. Why blue, I\'m not sure. Maybe it\'s because the crystal is yellow, and the Crownie\'s colours are blue and gold, so the blue piece with the yellow crystal symbolise the Crownie\'s colours. Or maybe TLC just felt the need to include an odd colour. :-P In conclusion, this is a wonderful set, with some neat accessories, and it doesn\'t really need to be bought in the masses, after all, you needs an army of owls and wizards? :-| :-P So it works fine as a single set, and adds a more fantasy feel to your Crownie army. That\'s all for today folks! *sweet* [/Redman] Thanks for reading another of my Redman interviews, any suggestions on how to/what to do to improve it is greatly appreciated, as are all comments and criticisms (except those blatant thoughtless criticisms that don\'t help at all :-P)! ~Peace Edited by KimT, 10 August 2008 - 01:31 PM.'], [1, 'good reveiw, i quite like this set and ill buy it as soon as it actually gets in my country |-/ :-| (600th post) Edit: $7!!!!! geez i thought $6 was bad :-X Edit: who typed megablocks in my post..i didnt,??? Edited by hollisbrick, 20 January 2008 - 05:41 AM.'], [1, "Yay! Another Redman review! You are an excellent reviewer iamded Redman, your pictures show all the details included in the set and your thoughts bring new light to features and bits I hadn't noticed or thought about before *y* I love this little set, I will get two I reckon, because I want all the Wizard bits in a minifig box as well. Nice little humorous pic at the end too. One improvement I think could be to include the pics of the back of the box and other side of the instructions anyway. Honestly, there isn't much to improve, you are an excellent reviewer :-) Redman ON! Batbrick is Back! >:-)"], [0, "hollisbrick, on Jan 20 2008, 04:38 PM, said: Edit: $7!!!!! geez i thought $6 was bad :-X Oh, my bad! I forgot to say that's 7 NZD, not USD or Euros or pounds or anything. :-$ Don't panic! Thanks for the comment! Batbrick, on Jan 20 2008, 04:41 PM, said: Yay! Another Redman review! You are an excellent reviewer iamded Redman, your pictures show all the details included in the set and your thoughts bring new light to features and bits I hadn't noticed or thought about before *y* I love this little set, I will get two I reckon, because I want all the Wizard bits in a minifig box as well. Nice little humorous pic at the end too. One improvement I think could be to include the pics of the back of the box and other side of the instructions anyway. Honestly, there isn't much to improve, you are an excellent reviewer :-) Redman ON! Batbrick is Back! >:-) Thanks Batbrick! :-D I sometimes flick from the minifig view of things to a person's view of things, but no one seems to notice, so it's okay. X-D And I didn't include pics of the back of the instructions and box because they were included in some one else's Knight review, and there's no change. But I will include them in future, in case someone hasn't seen any of the other reviews of the set I'm reviewing. X-D Expect to see a review of Arachnoid Stalker (or Battle Arachnoid) in the near future! ~Peace"], [1, "Nice review, your camera is much better now. I look forward to more of your reviews :-) I just went to Toyworld today and got a wizard and 4 knights :-) And on top of that, they were having a 20% off sale *sweet* I might go back and get some more tommorrow. The wizard is pretty good, and comes with some good parts (owl, beard, legs, hat, round table, crystal ball..). It would be nicer if he had a torso with printing on it, but I can understand why they didn't."], [0, "TinyPiesRUs, on Jan 20 2008, 05:05 PM, said: Nice review, your camera is much better now. I look forward to more of your reviews :-) I just went to Toyworld today and got a wizard and 4 knights :-) And on top of that, they were having a 20% off sale *sweet* I might go back and get some more tommorrow. Thanks! 20% off, what a bonus! If only Toyworld's sales were nation-wide. :-D I wish I were in Wellington, the guy at the Toyworld their is really cool, and into Lego to! The guy at the Martin's Toyworld here in Rotorua is quite professional, too much so for a toy shop. Still, he tells me when they get stock in. Anyway, I'm getting off topic in my own thread! X-D ~Peace"], [1, 'iamded, on Jan 20 2008, 05:29 AM, said: His belt has 4 gold crosses (as seen in, if you look closely, the new Crownie\'s torso and the Crownie archer\'s torso) and a belt buckle, and the legs have a bottle, a coin, and a small bag. Nice little wizard-ey items. I think the "coin" is actually some kind of amulet or locket. Nice review, keep them coming! *sweet*'], [1, "Thanks for the review of this nice little set. For it's price (3 euros here in Holland) it contains quite a lot of useful parts. The only thing that could have been better in my opinion is the wand, I always liked this one:"], [-1, "TinyPiesRUs, on Jan 20 2008, 06:05 AM, said: The wizard is pretty good, and comes with some good parts... It would be nicer if he had a torso with printing on it... I agree. In fact, it's a point I've already made on this board. simonwillems, on Jan 20 2008, 02:59 PM, said: The only thing that could have been better in my opinion is the wand, I always liked this one... Again, a point I agree with and already made on this board. I'm not blaming you guys. ;-) The OP in this thread should, at the very least, have linked to the existing thread about this set on this board. |-/ Edited by AmperZand, 20 January 2008 - 05:01 PM."], [0, 'simonwillems, on Jan 20 2008, 02:59 PM, said: Thanks for the review of this nice little set. For it\'s price (3 euros here in Holland) it contains quite a lot of useful parts. The only thing that could have been better in my opinion is the wand, I always liked this one: I miss those wands! They could\'ve used it, but I think the wood wand kindda adds "realis" to the set, and since many fans don\'t like their castle theme to be too fantasized, I guess Lego decided to use a mold that was still being used for various sets. When I get this set I\'m going to put it on the Tower in the King\'s castle, you know, the one that is right above the throne room? ;-) That\'ll be a great spot, and then I\'ll finally have all the necessary characters, the King in his throne, the knights on the walls, the wizard on his tower top, and the Princess in her tower room that floats in mid air and is connected to the throne room by a 2-stud wide bridge! :-D I love the King;s castle siege set *wub*'], [1, 'Yay! more Redman! Probably going to get one of these and turn it into a carnival attraction.'], [1, "AmperZand, on Jan 21 2008, 03:56 AM, said: I'm not blaming you guys. ;-) The OP in this thread should, at the very least, have linked to the existing thread about this set on this board. |-/ Why? Its his review, and a very good one at that, I don't see why he needed to link anything. Be glad that he was kind enough to take the time to write up this review. Now we have two different opinions on a set, which is great, there is no need for him to give credit to you, its his review :-) Batbrick is Back! >:-)"], [0, 'Not bad. I could see picking up a couple of these guys along with a few of the new knights. I actually prefer the wizard as these impulse items are simply too expensive for army building (IMO). Later.'], [-1, 'blueandwhite, on Jan 21 2008, 10:15 AM, said: Not bad. I could see picking up a couple of these guys along with a few of the new knights. I actually prefer the wizard as these impulse items are simply too expensive for army building (IMO). Later. Same, thats why ill probly only get the wizard because they are quite expensive if you compare them to the $2 ones i used to get back around 2000 and you got about the same peices aswell. :-/'], [0, "Thanks everyone for your feedback! AmperZand, on Jan 21 2008, 03:56 AM, said: I'm not blaming you guys. ;-) The OP in this thread should, at the very least, have linked to the existing thread about this set on this board. |-/ Sorry, I knew you had done a review, but I didn't think you had to post a link to all other reviews already done on that set. :-/ It's just expressing my opinions and sharing my thoughts about the set, as well as giving people a bit of info. The way I see it, I don't really have to post a link in the first post, but you can feel free to post a link to your review if you want, to give people your thoughts and opinions. Besides, NZ never gets sets first and most of the ones I pick up have already been reviewed. :-$ ~Peace"], [0, "iamded, on Jan 21 2008, 03:03 PM, said: Thanks everyone for your feedback! Sorry, I knew you had done a review, but I didn't think you had to post a link to all other reviews already done on that set. :-/ It's just expressing my opinions and sharing my thoughts about the set, as well as giving people a bit of info. The way I see it, I don't really have to post a link in the first post, but you can feel free to post a link to your review if you want, to give people your thoughts and opinions. Besides, NZ never gets sets first and most of the ones I pick up have already been reviewed. :-$ ~Peace so your saying you did the reveiw?? i thought it was redman X-D ;-)"], [0, 'hollisbrick, on Jan 21 2008, 06:31 PM, said: so your saying you did the reveiw?? i thought it was redman X-D ;-) No, that was on behalf of Redman. X-D ~Peace'], [0, 'iamded, on Jan 21 2008, 09:08 PM, said: No, that was on behalf of Redman. X-D ~Peace oh..of course im very sorry ;-)'], [1, "iamded, on Jan 21 2008, 05:03 AM, said: Sorry, I knew you had done a review, but I didn't think you had to post a link to all other reviews already done on that set. :-/ It's just expressing my opinions and sharing my thoughts about the set, as well as giving people a bit of info. The way I see it, I don't really have to post a link in the first post, but you can feel free to post a link to your review if you want, to give people your thoughts and opinions. On most message boards, one doesn't duplicate the topic of an active or recent thread. There's a good reason for that: the boards would soon become a mess if that practice became widespread. I assumed that keeping posts on the same topic together was also the rule here and therefore expected any posts like your opening one to be a contribution to my existing thread on this topic. It appears though that I was mistaken; on these boards, one is free to start a new thread on an existing topic. In future, I may well do that. Thank you for drawing my attention to that. Back on topic: I thought your review was pretty good as were the pics. *y* Edited by AmperZand, 21 January 2008 - 12:20 PM."], [1, "iamded, on Jan 20 2008, 06:29 PM, said: The stuff in the set include a little stand for the owl, and a table utilising the new 4x4 round piece in frown, with the crystal ball in the middle, encasing the yellow gem held on by a 2x2 circle piece in blue. Why blue, I'm not sure. Wait, isn't it light bley, not frown? :-$ :-P Although I would much rather have a brown table :-$ More on-topic, I love the wizard's legs, even better than the Evil Wizard's ones. The hip piece looks very nice on dark blue legs *y*"], [0, "hollisbrick, on Jan 20 2008, 04:38 PM, said: $7!!!!! geez i thought $6 was bad :-X NZ$7 is worth AU$6... So it's the same price..."], [0, "Mister Phes, on Jan 21 2008, 10:34 PM, said: NZ$7 is worth AU$6... So it's the same price... thats not the point :-D"], [0, 'TinyPiesRUs, on Jan 21 2008, 12:29 PM, said: Wait, isn\'t it light bley, not frown? :-$ :-P Although I would much rather have a brown table :-$ I don\'t know what "frown" is but if it\'s a shade of brown, then you\'re right: no part of the table is any shade of brown. The owl\'s stand is though - I think that shade is called "reddish brown" on BrickLink. Please see pic:'], [1, 'A great review, I like redman, he is most amusing! Thanks. As for the set, I like it very much, I love the wizard and owl! *wub*'], [1, "Thank you all for your comments! I really appreciate them! *sweet* TinyPiesRUs, on Jan 21 2008, 11:29 PM, said: Wait, isn't it light bley, not frown? :-$ :-P Although I would much rather have a brown table :-$ Right you are! I don't know what Redman was thinking. :-P He's fixed it now. ;-) ~Peace"], [1, 'Well, since no-one seems to have done one for this set, here we go.... Here\'s the complete set in all its glory. Yes, I really like it, but then, Tabletown has the capacity to support it and my green Army have their eyes on it as a potential military transport as well. :-) I\'ll start out with the little airport ground car thingy - very neat and functional, here are views front and back: Next up, the steps which allow the plane crew to embark and disembark: And to round off this little trio, the cargo loading platform, here in its lowered position. Note the prong thingy sticking out from the rear: And here raised. The prong thingy is now hinged up to support the back of the platform and keep it level: Here\'s a slightly different angle so you can see the pieces under there: The all-important cargo itself! Hmmm...not much for a plane this size... The cargo pallet slots neatly onto the loading platform: Here\'s the complete set of ground equipment - all attached: And so onto the plane itself. Note that unlike the other large planes, the main wing sits at the TOP of the row of bricks making up the side of the fuselage: I took it apart a little so you can see the internal construction of the fuselage. Note that the cargo area is really small, right at the back. What else is this thing carrying? Illegal immigrants? :-) A picture of the rear of the fuselage, just because I like the sticker: Front landing gear. WAY better than on the other large planes. I don\'t know if this is a new piece or what but I\'ve had no problems with it at all, and my kids have been playing with it as well: The rather sexy rear undercarriage - this area reminds me of one of those giant Russian transport planes - wicked: Those angled grey slopes atop each side of the rear undercarriage annoy the heck out of me as they KEEP COMING OFF whenever I pick the plane up. I think a 1x4 plate on top to bind them together might solve that. A slightly blurry view (sorry) from underneath. The gear LOOKS like it might be capable of retracting internally, but alas, no. This is a shame as there\'s certainly enough room in there and it\'s a wasted opportunity IMO. Might have to modify that... A view of one of the four engines, I personally think they look too small and should have something under the wing as well to make them rounder: Cockpit: Crew door, open. I LOVE the smooth action of these doors and the way they seal flush against the fuselage when closed: Cargo door, open: Crew door with docked ladder: Cargo door with docked loading platform: Cargo slots inside and locks into place the same way it sits on the loader, neat: The minifigs, sorry this one is a bit blurry: And that concludes this week\'s "Show and Tell". Dr. S.'], [1, 'sweet plane looks much better than in the catalogs *sweet*'], [1, 'Thanks Dr.S for this great review, this is your what, second one? Anyway, this aint half bad, I actually kind of like the bigger planes despite the annoying big pieces, and this one looks to be the best yet. Batbrick Away! >:-)'], [1, 'I do admit the amount of cargo is rediculously small, but It still looks good. Say, how much can the plane hold? Thanks for the review! *sweet*'], [0, "Lt. Veers, on Feb 4 2008, 11:42 PM, said: I do admit the amount of cargo is rediculously small, but It still looks good. Say, how much can the plane hold? Thanks for the review! *sweet* That's all the space you get. Now, it MIGHT be possible to rip out that rear bulkhead at the back of the wing and fill the middle area with tiles so cargo pallets could slide up the fuselage. But that would definitely prevent the undercarriage folding internally if that's what you wanted to do as well. Dr. S."], [0, 'Thanks for the review and pics Dr S! I am still considering this set. What is the instruction manual number?'], [0, 'Sinner, on Feb 4 2008, 11:51 PM, said: Thanks for the review and pics Dr S! I am still considering this set. What is the instruction manual number? There are two - hopefully these are the numbers you need: 4525919 4525920 ? Dr. S.'], [1, "Doctor Sinister, on Feb 5 2008, 09:53 AM, said: There are two - hopefully these are the numbers you need: 4525919 4525920 ? Dr. S. They are perfect! *wub* Thanks very much. *sweet* It's built very oddly. *wacko*"], [0, "Thank you very much for a good and informative review, Doc Sinister. *y* This looks like the best of the BigPlanes to me, very nice and smoother than the rest. :'-) Although, like you?ve said, what the heck?re they transporting, diamonds and pearls? So much wasted space.... And the landing gear should really fold in. *n*"], [-1, "I loved the pics in the catalogues but was a bit disappointed by the build and end result. My own thoughts: CONs: - as noted, the cargo space is really small considering the size of the plane, although I can see this is restricted due to playability - without the barrier in the middle, the cargo would slide all over the place while the plane was being swooshed - the cargo 'lift' (I'm not sure how else to describe it) is very weak and snaps off, although it is a clever design I think it's badly implemented - there is nothing to hold the cargo pallet to the cargo lift truck so it tends to slide off all over the place as soon as the truck moves - colour issues - I had at least 3 shades of green with the larger plane pieces and noticeable variances even with identical cargo hatch pieces. At least one of them also came quite scratched, which was a little disappointing - At $79.95 AUD it's $10 more than the Passenger Plane was with less pieces and figs, and no printed pieces whatsoever! more $ for less, methinks. PROs: - Lots of nice cargo crate pieces and even the stickers for these are pretty good. - landing gear piece adjusts very well to height differentials so the plane doesn't lose its gear as often as the earlier passenger planes - the hinging mechanism works very well to open the cargo holds - opens very smoothly and is not noticeable - I'd definitely like to see more of this technique - the little vehicles work well chained together and are all good small designs OVERALL: - I really like the large planes since 06 but I don't think they've still quite hit the nail on the head. Whereas the earlier planes were a little flimsy, this one is sturdier but has its own issues. The look of the Cargo Plane is nice, and the new landing piece and cargo hatch pieces are really great, but some design weaknesses and colour issues detract from the overall product. It's a shame as with a bit of tweaking this could have been a must-have set."], [1, "Wow, that's a great review of a great set Dr S! *y* As you yourself have already noted, this has the potential to be a fantastic military MOC! With a bit of modification you can get the engines to be rounder, or perhaps do away with them completely and replace them with jet engines. *sweet* Though I can't think of a system to retract the undercarriage at the top of my head it seems like there's indeeed more than enough potential to do so. It reminds me rather of an Ilyushin Il-76, one of my favourite cargo planes. :'-)"], [-1, "Hairy Ruben, on Feb 5 2008, 10:55 AM, said: Holy snap that thing is ugly :-X Luckly those doesn't fly above us. :-/"], [1, 'Tks DrS for your cool review !! I admit tht this plane is way better than I imagined ;-) Even if I still dislike the new hull, the engines and landing gear are really improved and the way to operate the crates work really well !! Tks for sharing these pics ;-) *yoda*'], [1, "RupeeClock, on Feb 5 2008, 05:16 PM, said: Holy snap that thing is ugly :-X Luckly those doesn't fly above us. :-/ Really? I love the way they look, granted they go back to the 70's but so does the 747 or the C-130. You can't argue about tastes and colours, I guess :-P Dr S - How much did the set cost? Edited by Hairy Ruben, 05 February 2008 - 04:36 PM."], [0, "Hairy Ruben, on Feb 5 2008, 04:33 PM, said: Really? I love the way they look, granted they go back to the 70's but so does the 747 or the C-130. You can't argue about tastes and colours, I guess :-P Dr S - How much did the set cost? It's ?34.99 on S@H but I got mine as part of a bundle they'd put together: # #7731 Mail Van # #7732 Air Mail # #7733 Truck & Forklift # #7734 Cargo Plane All for ?64.56. Dr. S."], [0, "Thanks for the review, I like the looks of the set but I'm not sure about it still. Is it work ?35? Would you recomend buying it?"], [1, "Cardinal Brick, on Feb 5 2008, 08:49 PM, said: Thanks for the review, I like the looks of the set but I'm not sure about it still. Is it work ?35? Would you recomend buying it? Well, I can only speak for myself - I like it. Worth ?35.00? Well, it's a big box for that amount of money, but full of big parts of course. I dunno - could do with being cheaper, but then I'm sure we all think that of our favourite hobby. ?30.00 would be nearer the mark IMO. Dr. S."], [-1, "Thanks for the review That seems to be a nice set but as far I'm concerned, I don't think it's worth EUR 49.99. There aren't so many parts though those new curved slope will add some more building possibilities. *y* What lacks : - A 2 x 4 cut out in the lower part of the nose to retract the landing gear. - A 4 x 6 cut out in the lower part of the tail to allow passagers to get off through the back like in a DC-10 - some real plates and tiles instead of these crappy wings. This part is the useless one that TLC ever produced *n*"], [0, 'The amount of cargo that huge plane carries! 8-? green peace would have a field day! X-D Nice review Dr S but this set is just too big for my town scale! ;-) Edited by casewindu, 05 February 2008 - 09:54 PM.'], [0, "Nice review, Dr. S! I have been thinking long and hard about the scale of the planes in my town. I would like to keep my passenger planes in their classic 4-wide fuselage style, but I really don't mind the new plane hull pieces if they are used as an enormous transport plane like the Ilyushin-76. Unfortunately I can't afford this lovely new green one at the moment (which would be perfect to go with my green army) as I took too much of a hit buying the new 2008 Star Wars sets! But I have modified my white one to take huge cargo loads, in fact my APC is designed specifically to fit inside. Unfortunately I'm a bit busy to take pics at the moment, but hope to put some up soon."], [1, 'Dr. S: I was not planning on buying this set after my disappointment with the other large airplane, but after looking at this image review, I just might buy. The green color is really the aspect that makes this airplane stand out. I think it looks great! Thanks for the review.'], [0, 'If i do end up geting this set it will be for my slowly growing army. btw Nice review *y*'], [-1, "Thank for the review Doc! The only thing I like in this set is the small car. So I will not buy this set just for it! I really dislike those new planes, toooo bbiiiigggg! With this size, this cargo plane can carry just fiew things! What a shame! I think that the way TLC has made the wings is not very good... Like the rest of those big pieces... Just my thought. The positif point of this it's that it makes me saved some money :-D"], [0, 'Asuka, on Feb 5 2008, 12:43 AM, said: Although, like you?ve said, what the heck?re they transporting, diamonds and pearls? And nintendo DSes?! HAWHAW GET IT?! *cricket cricket* *cricket cricket*'], [1, 'An excellent review Dr. Sinister! *y* I really like how TLC is using the new crate mold in different sets! The transport car is really neat as well as the lifting thingy Plus I love the green color! *wub* P'], [0, 'At my local Wal*Mart there was most of the 2008 sets including the Indiana Jones ones :\'-) I picked up this one and the Motorcycle Chase! Name: 7621 Lost Tomb Price: $20.00 Parts: 277 Figs: 3 *Box Art First off we have the great Indiana Jones Box art!! I must say the designers did an excellent job on it! I love the little temple design with skulls! As well as including Indy in the right hand corner. The back of the box is just as cool showing all the neat play features of the set as well as an advertisement for the Indiana Jones Game *Figs First off we have our hero, Indian............. What the hell? Why is there a freaking CW Anakin head on Indy!! There was a production slip up as instead of Indy\'s head I get Anakin\'s! :-| |-/ I open the box up and there staring me in the face is his ugly face!! TLC is defiantly doing to here a gnarly complaint from me!! >:-( Ok now here we have the " real" Indy fig that is supposed to come with the set :-D I just noticed that his fedora hat goes down in the back! Bonus Picture Time, Here is a jacketless Indy with his sleeve torn off, like he looks in the Temple of doom *sweet* The next figure up is our lovely Marion *wub* *wub* *wub* Plus her head is reversible with a scared face X-D Love the new hairpiece in black!! Finally we have our undead skellie with second style head and poseable arms *The Well Of Souls The set itself is a nice model and playset! The Anubis statues are very cool and I love all the hieroglyphs on the walls 8-? Here is the SW link with Artoo and 3P0 X-D The Ark in its resting place The Ark removed, its very cool indeed, but TLC should have made the whole thing in chrome gold |-/ not metallic gold with brown and yellow!! The closeup of the Anubis statue, Yes the Eye is a sticker but at leasts a gold color! *Playability First off you can pull the pin on the Anubis statues which send them falling and taking out the walls. Behind the wall a skellie swings out! There is a lever in the back of the model where you push down and the snakes shower down upon the figs hehe With the snakes all around, Marion is both modeling with the new carrot torch and fending off viscous cobras :-D In the meantime Indy uses his whip to scale the wall and avoid all the snakes which he is afriad of. In the meantime leaving Marion behind to fight them off. :-P The whip is bendable but it will always snap back into a coil, its some type of bendy hard plastic *Scoring Figs- 9/10 Model- 8/10 Playability- 8.5/10 Overall Satisfaction- 4/10 (would be 9/10 if it wasn\'t for the stupid Anakin head error!) In the end this is a charming set and could easily fit in with the adventurers! It has the cool Anubis statues as well as the Ark. Plus Indy, Marion and a skellie, great selection of figs but Sallah would have been better since he actually removes the ark with Indy However I am still wondering the point of the Anubis statues, this set does seem pretty silly :-P P'], [1, 'Thank you for this review! it is a brilliant set! i am definitely getting this set once Indy is released in New zealand hurry up TLC! >:-( PS:could i have pic of what Indy looks like with an old classic whip?'], [-1, 'Wow what a screw up from Lego! That one is even more out there than the extra obi wan in the RC. X-D'], [0, "Tks for your great review Pirnha ;-) Piranha, on Feb 8 2008, 05:09 AM, said: First off we have our hero, Indian............. What the hell? Why is there a freaking CW Anakin head on Indy!! There was a production slip up as instead of Indy's head I get Anakin's! :-| |-/ I open the box up and there staring me in the face is his ugly face!! G another production error >:-( At least we know they manufacture licenses sets in the same place :-D Did that happpen to any of you guys ? Piranha, on Feb 8 2008, 05:09 AM, said: Cool fig 8-? Will need to make one like that for keeps (will change me from having Indy numerous times :-D ) *yoda*"], [0, 'That is the one of the oddest mistakes I have ever heard of! :-D Even so, you have to admit that it is good news for you; Lego will hapily give you the right head if you ask. Thanks for the review. I have this set too. *wub*'], [1, "Nice review, all the important stuff is there. Weird cock-up by TLC to put an Ani face on Indy... I didn't encounter any mistakes in my four Indy sets. Great selfmade Temple of Doom Indy fig, Piranha! So uhm... Has anyone found out yet what the extra hieroglyphic stickers are for?"], [0, 'I have noticed that at my local TLC store (Orlando) they have this set in a glass case on display...with the CW Anakin head on Indy. I did not realize this was such I widespread problem.'], [0, 'SupremeCommmanderGrievous, on Feb 9 2008, 11:32 AM, said: I have noticed that at my local TLC store (Orlando) they have this set in a glass case on display...with the CW Anakin head on Indy. I did not realize this was such I widespread problem. I saw this review on S@H.... Quote "In Lego World we\'re all detail conscious, right? Our set(really my 8-yr-old son\'s) came with the wrong head for Indiana Jones! Thin eyebrows, no five o\'clock shadow, lots of red scars...really hard for him to get into the character. Everything else is great - especially the falling wall and snake trap!" I might get this set today. I hope I dont have this problem! 8-| Dp8'], [0, "SupremeCommmanderGrievous, on Feb 9 2008, 04:32 PM, said: I have noticed that at my local TLC store (Orlando) they have this set in a glass case on display...with the CW Anakin head on Indy. I did not realize this was such a widespread problem. Seriously? So the person(s) who made that display are pretty clueless, too. Weird mistake to make by TLC. (Sorry if I did something wrong with +/-, I thought that was the quote-button! :-$ ) Let us know how your Indy head adventure turns out, darthperson. I hope you'll get the Indy face. Edited by Mr Spielbrick, 09 February 2008 - 05:46 PM."], [1, 'Thanks for a nice review, Piranha. *y* A lovely playset, with a classical Egyptian adventurers touch. Although I?m not completely sure for the robot arms for the statues.... Somehow, a little more details could?ve worked well for that set.... 8-|'], [0, "Wow I can't believe other people have had this same head error mistake! X-O I thought it was one of those extreme cases of production slip up! The good thing is I will get a replacement Indy head, and get to keep that Anakin head!! I forgot to mention that my set was also missing 1 black ear piece for the Anubis statues There also are extra stickers for my set, I can't figure out what they are for though? hehe, I too like my TOD Indy fig 8-| :-D P"], [-1, "Piranha, on Feb 7 2008, 09:09 PM, said: *Figs First off we have our hero, Indian............. What the hell? Why is there a freaking CW Anakin head on Indy!! There was a production slip up as instead of Indy's head I get Anakin's! :-| |-/ I open the box up and there staring me in the face is his ugly face!! the same thing happened to me with the head , boy was i pissed! *sing* and i also got this set from cruddy wal mart"], [1, "I got mine today! X-D I too got an Anakin Clone Wars head, although I'm not really complaining since I already have an Indy head from the Motorcycle Chase set. It is really odd that they would pack in such a different looking head though. Also, for those that think the head has no use, try placing it under one of the braided new brown dwarf beards. It looks pretty nice, I think! *y* On the set, it's wonderful! The hieroglyphic stickers are wonderful, Marion (especially her head and hair) is wonderful, and the Anubis statues are nice too. There's also lots of nice tan parts, such as 20 round 2x2s, and 8 1x8 bricks. All in all, it's a great set for the price, and I can't wait to get Race for the Stolen Treasure and Temple Escape now! *sweet*"], [1, "DAMMIT INDY, YOU WEREN'T SUPPOSED TO OPEN THE ARK!!! i really like this set, i only brought it for Marion but its a nice set and fun to build."], [0, "I got this set and there weren't any qualms/misprints/mis packagings. Hmmm, must be a small problem."], [0, 'Yeah in mine I did not have any problems. Well except on one of my dark blue round pieces it was a bit damaged but it still worked fine and I got a replacement from LEGO.'], [1, 'Welcome to: My sigfig Sgt. Joey Sh. will lead trough this review of the new City 7743 Police Surveilance Truck. First of all the box: Front Back The Minifigs: 3 Police officers and a bad guy Now the vehicles: The cute little ATV *wub* The main part of the set: The Surveilance Truck A shot of the interior The trailer Back of the trailer The truck Back Side The little building: Front The interior And last but not least: Spare parts and not needed stickers That?s it! Hope to see you again at the next episode of Sgt. Joey?s Reviews.'], [0, 'Thanks for the review, Stealth Hunter. *y* That truck looks better than I expected, and it?s for sure a pretty playable set. Nice, but still too much police mayhem to me. I think the new police station?ll satisfy all my safety needs.... :-)'], [0, "Great review Stealth Hunter, a bit blurry in places but overall nice shots of the truck. It is much, much better than I expected, but i still won't get it, I have no need for more police. Thanks for the great review! Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [0, 'Thanks for the review, that truck is actually better than I first thought! I am still tossing up getting it, as I am getting the Police Station, and where would it park?! :-P I quite like the little building though, but still... I am so confused *wacko*'], [0, "I like the new station but the truck is a good question. I still like the classic 1994 one and the 1980's can that was one of the first units I got"], [0, 'It looks to me that the little building is supposed to be like some sort of Customs checkpoint between one nation and another or like a toll facility on a highway. I like the little checkpoint but I think that should be part of a separate set and 7743 just having the Police Mobile Command Center truck.'], [1, "Hello and welcome to another, oh wait, first Batbrick and iamded review! Today us two sworn enemies will be reviewing the Creator Cargo Chopper, here is the front of the box: And while pushing iamded to his doom, here is the back: Haha! Ouch! Oh dear...here are the parts anyway... Here is the instruction of the first model, the Cargo Chopper. I love Creator sets for the different models, they always excite me. Just ignore me finishing off my nemesis in the background. Something very interesting that I liked in the instructions was this step where you must add those three 2x2 yellow rounded pieces under the chopper. This is for support while you build, which is handy, and later you take it off: And even later use it as the cargo. I found that to be rather innovative and clever, as well as - Hey! What are you hitting me for? Both instruction booklets have the same back: Now heres the Chopper itself. I love the design of it, it isn't quite minifig scale but its great all the same. This is my first non-Xpod or House creator set, and it sure is fun. Here me and iamded go for a dizzy ride. I love the nose of the copter, and the landing gear is fantastic. A shot from the other side. Oh dear, it seems we've been a bit sick from that ride, and were vomiting transgreen 1x1s. The cargo itself is nicely made, though I forgot to put on two tiles here :-$ . It fits in real well with the chopper to, and the line is great for giving iamded the wedgie he deserves: This is my first power function set, so I was pretty excited. The motor is intergrated really well into this set, and is activated by pushing that little 3x2 plate with the 1x1 slopes on it forward, until it hits the motor button, that orange knob. Another point of interest is the use of bley barrels on each side. I like this as I don't have those pieces in that colour. A shot of the motor. Its really simple, all you do is pull the hook out to any length that allows, then press the orange button and it will wind it back up. This makes the Chopper pull the cargo up into its bay, and iamded pull me here reluctantly to a whacking: A top view, is that MY head? A view of the chopper without the cargo in it. I love the lowered cockpit: The leftover pieces from building: (NOTE: iamded's head does not count as set piece) And a final shot of the set with me and iamded. Oh, it appear we're dead, oh dear... Hope you enjoyed this review, soon I will post the two alternate models. I loved this chopper, its great to play with and has nice construction. It also has some handy pieces too. The motor function sounds like a gimmick but is well intergrated into this model. Well worth the price, so far this is another win for Creator I say! So far I recommend this model, but later we'll see if the alt models are up to scratch. Also, since this is my first review, comments and criticism welcome on everything. Batbrick Away! >:-) Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:37 PM. Indexed"], [1, 'Great review, Batbrick! Iamded got what he deserved. X-D'], [1, "Thank you very much for a fine review, Batbrick. *y* What the.... I never realized these cool grey barrels till now.... that?s pretty interesting. :-) The whole Chopper looks very good, with a well fitting power function. It?s for sure a rewardable work to change that baby into a real MF version with accessible cockpit. :'-)"], [1, 'Great review! Keep them coming! I might get this set now. I must have those grey barrels... Oh dear... :-D X-D :-P X-D This was a hilaruos review, too. Edited by ~VBBN~, 10 February 2008 - 11:21 PM.'], [1, 'I am definitely getting this set. Thanks for the nice review!'], [-1, 'I wish I could just get those grey barrels alone, the rest of the set doesnt really intreigue me much :-$ Thanks for the review.'], [1, "Thanks everyone, heres part 2: The second instruction booklet includes instructions for both alternate models, which is good, I hate having too many manuals: Here she is, the plane: Its very nice and well proportioned, but where did iamded get that laser? Overview, the landing gear is very sturdy and nice, and the wings are surprisingly good: Top view, iamded's head fell into the propellers, I was trying to save him, honest! A view of how the motor on this one works, by pushing the orange button you can make the prop spin. It is well integrated like the chopper, though the prop only spins for about 2 1/2 seconds. Still, its a nice feature: The tail is also well made, simple, but lovable. Oh, and check out that tank! The prop spinning, Agh! Is that MY hand? Final view, there seems to be some sort of explosion here 8-| Well I think I got iamded more than me atleast. The second model is also great, though not as good as the chopper. The lack of space to fit something into the cockpit brings it down a bit, but it is a very nice model overall. I recommend it, though unlike the chopper it will be hard to mod into minifig scale. So far so good with 4995, here are the leftover pieces from the model: Enjoy! Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [1, 'haha your review are so funny and so lego cool'], [1, "Lt. Veers, on Feb 11 2008, 11:55 AM, said: Great review, Batbrick! Iamded got what he deserved. X-D X-O :'-( :-P Great review, Batbrick! This looks like a wonderful set, I love that plane! It doesn't bother me that it's not mini-fig scale, as it looks more for display IMO. *wub* Looking forward to seeing the final model! *y* ~Peace"], [1, 'I really like this set... even though I was hoping for a mini-motor! :-D Chock full of great parts too. Thanks for the review. *sweet*'], [1, 'Thanks guys, heres the final part: The Instructions for the boat begin on page 46: The overall set, its actually much nicer than I thought it would be, the pictures on the box make it look ugly. Top view, Tommy Guns do not actually come with set ;-) Side view, the designers have done an excellent job with the hull, considering the lack of many slopes pieces. You can see it is pretty much minifig scale too: Here you can see that by pushing in the red technic axle, the "anchor" on the front will be hauled back into the boat: Back view, these outboard motors are pretty cool, though I wish they could go own into the water more: Overall, though the weakest model, its still a lot of fun, and has a clever way around the lack of a shapely hull. I was impressed with it after the building it, it even has two rounded SNOTTy bottom pieces on the nose of the boat to give the impression it is speeding through the water with the front lifting up. Lots of leftover pieces for this one: The pieces: Sorry about the poor photograph there, it was getting late :-$ Overall the Cargo Chopper is another great set in the fantastic Creator line. Loads of fun, great play, and some clever designs, it challenges you to make your own things, and even includes some nifty pieces (bley barrels! *wub* ) I won\'t give it a rating, but I\'ll just say I certainly recommend it to fans of the theme and Lego fans in general. Now, finally, iamded and I teamup in the face of a larger foe. Get that Lord of Pies! Batbrick Away! >:-)'], [1, 'Howdy how , my Batman fellows! Today i was in a toy mart - and i was looking for a SW set - but all were that expensive! Then i saw this Batman set ! FOR -> 13 ? Yea ! 13 Euros! :-P I had to pick it up! As i came home i started building! Figs: I really like them both cause they are new to me ! The green dude X-D looks cool! Batman is also very cool! Building it : FIrst there was this speeder boat from this green dude :-P , it looks really cool and these Shark eyes ( or what are that) look also really nice! Then there came Batmans speeder boat - its a nice little ship! Then the boat : its really cool the simple makes it that good ! At the end i got that : Ranking : Figs 10/10 Parts : 8 /10 Playablity :8/10 Price 10/10 -> 13 Euros there .. thats a good price! Overall ranking of aayla : I think i got Batman feever - am guessing wich set i pick up at next .. any ideas wich is good - or wich you can say me .. was good is good?! Batman collection deffinitly ON!!! Aayla'], [1, 'Congrats to that nice review.... I like the Batcave set, you should also been able to find it at discount....'], [1, 'Thank you for your wonderful review! ) I was done very well.... ) I suggest that you will find "Two-Face\'s Escape" set a very interesting one to build.... It also provides great playability and is not very expensive for what you will get. ) Good day to you. )'], [1, 'Thanks for that nice review. I still don\'t think I will get this set though. The Penguin, on Feb 18 2008, 05:04 PM, said: Thank you for your wonderful review! ) I was done very well.... ) I suggest that you will find "Two-Face\'s Escape" set a very interesting one to build.... It also provides great playability and is not very expensive for what you will get. ) Good day to you. ) Yes, Two-face escape is definitly a good buy. I suggest you get it.'], [1, 'Hi! Asuka, on Feb 18 2008, 09:25 PM, said: Congrats to that nice review.... I like the Batcave set, you should also been able to find it at discount.... Try ePay. I found it there for 38 euro (and picked up two of them). Nice price for loads of nifty material.'], [1, "Thanks for the review Aayla, I love this set and its great to see another person interested in Batman. Now all you have to do is start watching the movies, then the cartoon series, then the comics, then the......... X-D I really recommend Two-Face's Escape as well, a great set for a great price. And BTW, the Green Dude as you call him is named Killer Croc, he is a killer with a freakish skin condition. Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [1, "It is a tie between Two Face's escape and the batcave... but I would go with the cave... over 1000 pieces, nifty submarine, penguins, alfred, mr freeze, and and and.... it is wonderful...! especially for 38?!! :-) ol' style Batman ON! (yep, this is a lil' rant on 2008 batman.. :-P )"], [1, '6258 Smuggler\'s Shanty Overview Smuggler\'s Shanty was released in 1992, it consisted of 69 pieces, 3 minifigs (two pirates, one Imperial) and it cost $9.25 (USD). The set itself is a small but rather sturdy den for the pirates! Review: The minifigs consist of two pirates and one Imperial. The minifigs are not all that rare, which is disappointing, I would of liked a rarer fig! But still it is a good cheap source of pirate and Imperial figures. Here is an overall shot of the set, which includes the three figs, the shanty which is made using palm leaves pieces, and a nice grey shark nibbling at the soldier\'s oar. A close up of the soldier rowing hard in his boat. I would have preferred to have a normal soldier with shako hat, as I have more officers than normal soldiers now!: And a close up snap of the main structure. Note the wine glass, which was a nice touch! Funnily enough, only 4 pieces of treasure were included in this set, compared to the usual 8 gold coins in other sets. A view from the back, which also gives a good view of the pieces used to construct the shanty mainly simple black 1 by 1 bricks: The Shanty looks good from most angles but their are a few where the roof construction looks rather odd, but that is just a minor nitpick! Yet another view from the front,, this time at a slightly different angle. The yellow base plate looks rather nice too, I prefer it over the tan pieces we trend to get nowadays: "Attack!!" The Stupid drunk pirate in the background does not even notice! Overall I think this is a rather good set, despite some shortcomings, such as the lack of treasure and odd roof from some angles. The shark, Imperial soldier and useful parts make up for it, and of course the price is cheap on most auction sites, I got mine for a mere ?5 ($10), with the cheapest price on Bricklink being $8. Rate the set then leave your comments, thoughts and opinions!!!'], [0, "First I'll comment on the review and at a later date I'll comment on the set. You've done a top job Lord of Pies *y* You've captured the set from a variety of angles and posed the mini-figures interestingly."], [1, "Very nice review, Lord of Pies! Thanks for taking the time to put this together, and especially for all the detailed pics. *y* I very much regret that my dark ages occured when they did. Basically, I missed out on all the cheap and easy troop building sets, and this one is certainly no exception. The big sets are nice, but these are the ones that always make me wish just a little harder for a return of LEGO pirates... :'-) I gave it a 4 out of 5, just because I'd buy 4 out of 5 sitting on the shelves today, were it possible."], [1, 'Great little set! I bought this set only a few years ago MISB and I am still very happy about it. The hut is simple but very effective as a castaway building on some deserted island, the palmleaves are a good addition to any Lego collection. This set had a nice amount of weapons, two for each pirate and two of those weapons are flintlock muskets as opposed to just pistols. Nice poll as well, but you made sure nobody can give this set a 1 which is very nice (but probably a little mistake :-D ). I gave it the top-rating. *y*'], [1, 'simonwillems, on Feb 19 2008, 07:47 PM, said: Nice poll as well, but you made sure nobody can give this set a 1 which is very nice (but probably a little mistake :-D ). I gave it the top-rating. *y* So I have, oops! I never was very good at maths. :-P'], [1, 'Wow. I remember this set from when I was a kid. I got it for my birthday and opened the package first. Sadly, I had to go to school so I had to leave it at home and not build it or play with it until I got home. Needless to say that was one of the longest days of school ever. Good review, great set.'], [1, 'I bought one of these new from Bricklink a few months ago as part of my Pirate splurge I went on. I really enjoyed this set because of the amount of figs in such a small set, though Pirates were always pretty good about their fig count. Also the neat little hut is nicely done for its purpose. Great review, btw!'], [1, "Great small set that can help you add to you minifig count. The little boats are always cool, and the den isn't that bad either."], [1, "Another first-rate review! It's a nice little set with a big number of minifigs. And 2 flintlock guns is also a nice bonus."], [1, 'A very nice review of a pretty and neat little set, thanks Lord Of Pies, guess it´s a 3 for me, with strong tendencies to 4....'], [1, "First of all excellent Review! 5/5 for me. I have yet to attain one of these sets. It has a nice trio of men including a redcoat, and a nice assortment of weapons. The rest, such as the leaves, is great for MOCing. imperialshadows, on Feb 19 2008, 08:41 PM, said: I gave it a 4 out of 5, just because I'd buy 4 out of 5 sitting on the shelves today, were it possible. If I saw 5 of these sitting on a shelf I would certainly buy all 5, then I would ask to speak with a manager to see if there is any way I can attain more pirate Lego stuff. simonwillems, on Feb 19 2008, 08:47 PM, said: Nice poll as well, but you made sure nobody can give this set a 1 which is very nice (but probably a little mistake :-D ). I gave it the top-rating. One should not step into the pirates domain and give a mere 1 to any non4+ pirate set. Duke"], [0, 'woow :D this was my first LEGO set ever!'], [1, 'This set shows the awesomeness of classic pirate sets. I really have to get me some more! XD Great Review on a great set!'], [0, "A nice review and a nice little set for anyone's Pirate collection. A 5/5 for the review."], [0, "I'd give the set a 3 1/2 out of 5. It needed 1 more Imperial to get a 4. A bigger basplate would have been nice as it appears to hard to fit all the minifigs on the island. Thanks for this great review"], [1, 'IMO this is a very simple and small set good to add some part to forbidden island. good'], [0, 'Laurinator- I don\'t mind an occassional old review coming back to life for discussion, but it seems you\'ve replied to many old reviews that have been stagnant for years. Please try to refrain from "bumping" a lot of old topics as it pushes down new content that should really be the focus of discussion now.'], [0, 'Well since this topic has resurfaced, I would add my 2 cents about my appreciation of this set. It was the first and (unfortunately) the largest Pirate set I owned as a kid, but I played the wazoo out of it. Some of the minifigs have lost almost all their face printing after so many play sessions! Theres just something about the hut that appealed to me more than the cheesy skull-face islands we keep getting.Probably that it wa kind of neutral, good for my pirates, settlers or islanders. Though the palm leaves were rather fragile and used to break off the studded parts. It would be nice to get more of these "beach village army builder" sets. Edited by Ardelon, 21 September 2014 - 03:40 PM.'], [1, "Hi guys. I picked these up the other day, but it's taken me this long to get round to posting the reviews. So, here we go: Tub comparison with a minfig (thanks Brainbox): The lighting changes a bit throughout the photographs, as it was going dark outside, so I only really had my desk light, and I kept getting in the way. 4837 Mini Trains Now the box I really like. It's no different to those of last year's sets, but the colour here is simply fantastic, and really seems appropriate for the theme. So this is what you get inside. All the pieces are still inside the bag, the optical illusion was accidental :-D . No pieces of particular outstanding interest, but the dark green cheese slopes are rather nice. Look out for those later. 1 2 3 This is the main model, and uses all the pieces in the set (bar these two, which according to the inventory are spares, but as with all my other Creator sets, I'm cheating and leaving them in). This is far and away the best model of the three, and evokes the iconic version of a steam train. The green looks superb, but I'm not sure whether that's due to the model itself or the actual colour. Moving on, we get to the second model: 1 Leftovers (yes, I admit, I was using a piece of paper) This isn't actually a bad model. I don't think it's quite as nice as the previous one, but it's not bad. It's different from the first model as well, which is good. Too muich of the same can be a bad thing. Finally, we come to the third model: Leftovers Now... I'll be honest. I don't really know what this is. It's not that good a model compared to the other two. That's all I can say, really. And of course, all the pieces fit into the tub. Overall: I have to say, I do like this set, despite the weak third model. The strength of the primary and secondary models make up for any weaknesses in the third, and I can imagine the pieces being fully usuable in building other trains. While the basic idea of these tubs isn't quite as good as the X-Pods with regards portability and general 'niceness' they aren't bad. And for a fairly cheap price (?3-4) as well. 4838 Mini Vehicles This is one of those set boxes that you see because of the ridiculously loud colours. Sound marketing scheme if you ask me. I've managed it again. There are pieces outside the bag. Or are there? Now these I like *y* . 1 2 (I don't know what the clip is for, there isn't one on the other side) 3 4 5 This is the main model of the set, and again all the pieces are used bar these three, the spares. It's quite a nice model, although the car's a bit odd. Still, I like the ramps, and the colour scheme reminds me just a little of G1 Ultra Magnus. Hmm, I think that boom arm could do with refixing... 1 2 Leftovers This is actually quite nice as well. It's that classic breakdown truck, and the boom arm itself is quite nice, with quite a bit of movement. Another solid model. 1 Leftovers I'm surprised by the amount of detail here actually. Not only have TLC included a spare wheel at the back, but also what looks like a trailer hitch, which all adds to the 'realism.' Another nice model to round out a nice set. And in the tub. Overall: I'm not sure which of the two I like better. When I bought them, and on the way home, I much preferred the train set. But after building this set, I'm not sure. This is another good set from the year when TLC seems to be giving us so many. There are some good pieces in here too, and while there's nothing unique, they're still good. So, thanks for reading, hope it helped someone, and if there are any requests, I'll see what I can do. That's requests for pics, not songs ;-) . Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:56 PM. Indexed"], [1, "Tks for that nice review, brainbox! I recieved the construction diggers set like this last year. Gee what a nice parts pack. I like that orange lidded set, the truck. So nice. I won't get it though."], [0, 'why not? they are all very nice (i have all six of them), especially the helicopter, my least anticipated, but one of the most detailed!! thanks for the review brainbox!!'], [0, "Thanks for the review Brainbox. *sweet* These look really nifty* I might pick up a couple of these as for the parts, I'm sure they could come in handy for something. And so cheap as well. I still miss X-pods though. :'-( *Do the kids still say nifty these days? *wacko*"], [0, "ricecracker, on Feb 19 2008, 06:39 PM, said: why not? they are all very nice (i have all six of them), especially the helicopter, my least anticipated, but one of the most detailed!! thanks for the review brainbox!! Well, I shall wait until it goes for $1.25 on my S@H, than buy it with a load of other sets. Plural, on Feb 19 2008, 07:25 PM, said: Thanks for the review Brainbox. *sweet* These look really nifty* I might pick up a couple of these as for the parts, I'm sure they could come in handy for something. And so cheap as well. I still miss X-pods though. :'-( *Do the kids still say nifty these days? *wacko* Eurobrickers do, that's for sure!"], [0, "Thanks for that very fine review, Brainbox! *y* Lovely little Creator goodies, with very neat alternative models as well. :'-)"], [0, 'You\'re welcome guys. ~VBBN~, on Feb 19 2008, 11:24 PM, said: I like that orange lidded set, the truck. So nice. I won\'t get it though. :-D Sorry, that just made me laugh. Plural, on Feb 20 2008, 12:25 AM, said: I still miss X-pods though. :\'-( Yeah, so do I. They really were a neat idea. Plural, on Feb 20 2008, 12:25 AM, said: Do the kids still say nifty these days? *wacko* I do. But then, that\'s not very helpful, as I sit in English going through a book, listening to the class find archaic words, thinking "but, I still use those words." :-D'], [1, "Thanks for these great reviews Brainbox, I never expected you to do a review for some reason. I love these mini sets, the Train in particular is great. I won't get any though, those Indy sets are coming in fast and I'm gonna need all the money I can muster. Still they are nifty little sets. Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [1, "Brainbox, on Feb 20 2008, 02:55 PM, said: You're welcome guys. :-D Sorry, that just made me laugh. I did some research and re-read tyour review. I will pick this up this weekend. Quote Yeah, so do I. They really were a neat idea. I had all the x-pods. They were awesome. I haven' collected all of these though."], [0, 'Mmmmh, I *wub* love the train... Great review. It looks like each model can be connected to the other to make a complete train. *y* *y* It makes me want to get 3 of them (or more) to make a long one. :-D'], [1, 'So here it is finally, my first ever review of a lego set..oh wait, it\'s actually 2 sets. So i don\'t really know how to do it right, but i\'ll try the best. (Sorry if some pictures are a litte bit dark, but i\'m not really into photography and i got bad light here) Let\'s Start with the Dwarf\'s Mine Defender: Theme: Castle 2008 Set Name: Dwarf\'s Mine Defender Number: 7040 Pieces: 86 Price: ?9,99 (EUR) First, as always, the box: The back, a few instructions on how the defender works, for those how don\'t know ;-) : And the instructions: We continue with the minifigs, sorry i forgot to make a closeup of the dwarf: And finally the mine defender itself, i personally think it isn\'t as bad as maybe some people think. The chain for the catapult is great i think: I kinda love those controls, the mechanism with the rubbe rband actually works pretty well, but only on a not-glossy underground. That\'s pretty much all of it, it\'s small but i like it a lot. So let\'s go on to the tower raid now, which would be my absolute favorite of those new sets. -------------------------------------- Theme: Castle 2008 Set Name: Tower Raid Number: 7037 Pieces: 364 Price: ?29,99 (EUR) Again, first the box & Instructions: We got 2 sets of instructios here, one for the tower and one for the siege tower: The Minifigs, we got one archer and one soldier here, both with the torsos of the 2007 sets: Now thw orc side, starting with the great leader, with the new armor and the golden helmet (i love those pieces!): Closeup of the armor & helmet: Then we got another orc-knight: And the prisoner, with handcuffs! The Crownie Tower looks great overall, though there is something i don\'t really like about it, but later on that. Now the back, and that is what really bothers me, there areno walls on the first floor except the one with the wall-piece and the door, and theprison also is open at the back. The orc easily could jump out there: Not sure what these are all about, they really don\'t add much to the set: Enough rant now, let\'s go on with a pretty sweet detail, the golden crystal on the little table: The wall piece on the first floor you can ram in: And finally the very best thing of this set, the amazing orc siege tower! From the front: The great working ram, you can pull it back very far and it got pretty much power: Here we got another sweet detail, the siege "platform" that moves out by pulling a cord in the back of the tower: Finally a picture of a bit siege action: If you ram in the lower wallpiece, the brown shelfs of the prison-floor collapse and the prisoned orc is finally free! Summary: Likes: As i mentioned before, i really think that\'s the best ever produced siege tower, it\'s got so mich details and works extremely well, also the overall look of it is magnificant. The destroy-mechanism of the tower is pretty cool too, the brown door is a fine detail too. Nothing much to say about the mine defender, i like this little set, and there\'s nothing really to bother about it. Dislikes: The Back of the tower. That\'s really the only thing that\'s a bit bad imo, they could have put there 2 more walls on the first floor and something to lock the prison easily. Final Thought: The Tower Raid for me personally is the best of the 2008 sets so far, it\'s got great playability and looks simply good. My opinion: Buy it!'], [1, "Tks for these cool reviews metalandi !! I love these orc sets !! I am so going to get these ;-) I'm happy to see that scared face again (I love it really !!) and the use of that handculfs !! That new armour looks really cool That tower is really nice and I wont mod it that much which os cool and the battle ram is freaking sweet !! Tks again for sharing ;-) *yoda*"], [1, "Great review, pictures and all! Thanks for showing all the mechanisms of the tower, I didn't notice them from either the pics we had or the instructions--it didn't hit me that when you knock down the wall the second floor breaks. That is a genius idea. This looks like a superb set, unfortunately my priority right now is the Troll Warship. Still, if that really is U.S. $80, I might skip it and go for this instead, which is only $20 US. One note, though. I think there might not be a back cage on the second floor of the tower so that the mechanism can work. Did you try to see if the second floor ground still falls if you add it a fourth cage wall? Also, you could just pretend that the tower is built against a mountainside. It would fit perfectly and add more defense to the Knights. Great review! :-) VK"], [0, "Tks for those so much!! :'-) *y* Nice reviews! I love that tower raid, and the defender, and will buy them both. Quote really don't add much to the set: Oh, but they do. More pieces= higher price. ;-)"], [0, "Thanks for these fantastic review. It's the first time I take a good look at these sets. There is a good chance I'll buy the Dwarf's Mine Defender, especially for that price."], [0, "This set didn't come with the new jail door piece? I'd have guessed it would have, since there is an orc in prison. Nice review. I'm looking forward to picking up these sets. Steve"], [1, "Thank you for these fine reviews, metalandi. *y* There?re really some nice playable features in the Tower raid set, and all these great Orc torsos, just sweet! And it even looks like that black Orc-armor?s a new piece, lovely.... :'-)"], [1, "Cheers for the reviews. They're both nice sets, and I think I just may have to buy both. Or maybe I'll get two of the dwarf set? The figs in each are really cool as well. The dwarf, well, they're just cool anyway, but the troll with the golden helmet and armour, that's just *wub*"], [1, "Thanks for the double review, I like the Dwarf catapult but the real deal is the Tower Raid set. I love that Siege Tower and love that new armour, can't wait to get it. Thanks for the review! Batbrick Away! >:-)"], [1, 'The Tower Raid has the best price per piece ratio in the whole 2008 line. Thanks for the review ^_^'], [1, "Thanks metalandi! These are 2 great sets, I'm definately looking forward to seeing these in New Zealand stores! The collapsing floor/prisoner freeing mechanism on the tower is wonderful, a great touch. Some slight modifications, like, some walls, will make this perfect. And the Dwarf's Mine Defender is a sweet little set, with some neat minifigs. Thanks for the reviews! *y* ~Peace"], [1, 'Thanks for these great reviews! *sweet* The dwarfs mine defender looks interesting, the figs though are *wub* The only thing missing is a weapon for the dwarf and some shields The battering ram and tower are awesome! 8-? The Troll King with new torso, helmet, and body armor is simply amazing I like how the troll is handcuffed :-D The tower shows nice detail except for the poor "brig" . I love that gold crystal! The battering ram is a thing of beauty! $30 for the Tower and Ram and $10 for the Defender are very well priced! I still want the Battle Wheel more though! Damn Exclusives! :\'-( >:-( P'], [1, 'Thanks for the review, I personally think the siege tower is probably the best one which Lego has ever produced.'], [1, "Well, I don't think Orcs are that sturdy, seeing that they'd have to jump from the second level of the tower, I don't see survival as his chief objective! :-P Awesome review! I'm loving these sets more and more! The Tower Raid is DEFINITELY the best and the cheapest set there! >:-) Oh, and Pirhana, it's not really a 'king', it's more like an officer. Remember, the Wizard rules these goblins! Edited by trooperdavinfelth, 22 February 2008 - 02:49 PM."], [1, '*sweet* WOW!! Another excellent review! Haha, that tower does reminds me of KK II of Mistland Tower =x Well, overall, i love these 2 sets very very much *sweet*'], [0, 'Thank you for the nice review. Pity the tower is not designed better, but I still want to buy these 2 sets. If only there were 2 dwarves in the DMDefender.'], [-1, "I got myself today 3 Dwarf's Mine Defender and I have to say that sets does suck big time: the plastic rubber band doesn't do squat, and 3 wheels i really not enough. I only built 2 of those and changed the front of it with 4 wheels and no plastic rubber band and I changed the 2x2 dark bley plate. Its still looks good but the crappy rubber band system is really not well thought off. Anyhow my Orc army is growing >:-) *yoda*"], [-1, 'xwingyoda, on Mar 1 2008, 06:32 AM, said: Its still looks good but the crappy rubber band system is really not well thought off. *yoda* i totally agreed with your comments. The rubber system is not effective at all. I bought 2 defenders recently and i found out that when the wheels move, the rubber just stuck there without rotating the blades at the front :-/ I have not really found a solution for mine yet. So far, i only took out the rubber band, placing the blades on the ground, removing of the red technic part on the left side. In this way, when the defender is moving on smooth ground, the blades will move too ;-)'], [1, "Thanks for the great review. *y* The siege tower does look great. I'll have to look out for these sets. Edited by zouave, 14 March 2008 - 07:24 PM."], [1, "Hello Eurobricks! My first post Yesterday i will buy this two sets! I'm waiting for the packs! Sorry but my English isn't good"], [0, "Well you didn't say anything wrong yet undead army officer I perfer using the Batle wheel to knock down the Tower's walls, not the seige tower"], [1, "The Rancor, on Apr 22 2008, 05:54 AM, said: I perfer using the Batle wheel to knock down the Tower's walls, not the seige tower I love all the siege machines the orcs have, they are certainly a much bigger threat than the skellies. Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Yeah, the open towers are kinda funny, although they were also typical of (for instance) 90s pirate sets. The trolls' vehicles are cool though. They look evil. I can't wait to start collecting '08 Castle sets...(I didn't buy any Castle in '07, I only got one set for Xmas, so I'm catching up on the '07 stuff first before it's all sold out)"], [1, 'Now that this topic has been brought up again, I just want to say that the rubber band on my Dwarf Mine Defender actually works'], [1, "They're so beautiful... 4 more months."], [1, "Green Grocer Reviewed by Dunamis Set 10185 2,352 Pieces $149.95 from The LEGO Store (Glendale, CA) Build time 6.5 hours Holy guacamole! Almost exactly one year after Caf? Corner was released we get the third installment in the increasingly popular LEGO exclusive town series. Combined with the famous 10182 Caf? Corner and its trusty companion 10190 Market Street this trio makes the foundation for an amazing city block of LEGO goodness. For those new to this series of sets, check out my reviews of the two previous sets in this line: Cafe Corner Market Street I would not necessarily recommend reading too many of my reviews in one setting as you might experience loss of brain cells and/or drowsiness. You have been warned. So, how does Green Grocer stack up to the two previous sets you ask? Well, follow along kind reader and I shall attempt to unravel this question. The Box: The gigantic box is pretty standard and looks amazingly similar to the Caf? Corner box. The back of the box shows some of the features of the green grocer as well as a lot of the cool interior that was absent from the previous sets. In addition, we are shown an image of the three sets together and a small insert image showing how they connect together (as if we could not master that difficult maneuver?) Opening the box is a matter of breaking two seals. As it seems to be the norm now, we have the reusable cereal box type tab system that we saw so often in 2007 sets. However, upon opening the tabs we are pleasantly surprised to find a cardboard tray! Have not seen one of those in a while. As you can see in the photo, we have two 32x16 green base plates, three instruction manuals and a bunch of bags that are broken into four groups: Group 1 has 12 bags and goes with the first manual and builds the first floor. Group 2 has 9 bags and goes with the second manual to build the second floor. Group 3 has 14 bags and goes with the third manual for the top floor and roof. And one bag that is not numbered and hence you can open it whenever you feel like it. There are no stickers ? Yay! Moving right along, we get to the three instruction manuals. The Manuals: The three manuals are 55, 47 and 47 pages in length. They are laid out well and are pretty standard with all the usual trimmings: - Piece call outs for each step - Parts inventory at the end of the second manual - Page numbers Color separation in these manuals was fine for me except dark bley and black. We get a nice photo of all three sets together: Plus, we get a nice tip showing how to split up the bags and what goes where. Those additional pieces you see in the photo just below the numbered bags are the pieces that come from the single un-numbered bag (along with the base plates). Parts list Random manual shot The Pieces: Upon opening the first set of bags, one thing is clear; there are a TON of little tiny pieces! The minifigs are included in this first section as well. Interesting to note that there are a handful of printed pieces and as I mentioned previously, no stickers. We also get a host of new and exciting pieces to add to our collection. Keep in mind my scope of LEGO sets is generally centered around Star Wars, Technic, Creator and the occasional racer set so what is new to me might have been around 15 years. At any rate, here are some of the more interesting pieces: Again, note the printed tiles. This time around, LEGO has decided to include 33% more minifigs than the Caf? Corner and Market Street sets. Yes, we get four minifigs instead of three! Here are the cast of characters: Pictured (left to right) is Sir Top Hat, Miss Jenny Blue Overalls, Patti O? Furniture and little Timmy Cub Scout. I?ll leave it up to the minifig aficionados to decipher which torsos are new and to tell us all about the hairpieces. I can say with reasonable certainty that the four yellow smiley heads are not new (somebody check that?) Don?t forget the lovable little cat named ?Tom?. He is the arch-rival of the mouse ?Jerry? that lives downstairs: Overall, there are a lot of pieces, large variety and wide range of colors. The Build: If you have either of the two previous sets, you will feel right at home here. Just like in the previous builds, it seems like the first ten build steps are consumed with laying a bunch of 1x1, 1x2 and 2x2 tiles everywhere. Almost feels like 30% of the pieces are used up right away (see below). There are several sections where you build various parts of the interior. Take a look at the cash register/counter below: And the beverage cooler: And the produce stand and everything that goes in it: Looks like someone has mail: Looks like someone just had a baby: This set is incredibly well done and gives inspiration to go back and add similar items to Caf? Corner and Market Street. As before, the average builder is introduced to some new building techniques like using the hinge plates to make the angles on the front of the building as shown below: Also the top of the roof shows some interesting ideas: Overall, it is a really fun build that kept me entertained the whole way. The Design: This is a great set with lots of little details. I especially like the little mouse hole in the wall leading to the Jerry the mouse?s area. They even included a little slice of cheese! It seems the designers can?t get away from the ?usual? staircase which I always feel is way too big. Maybe future designs can incorporate a spiral staircase to save room for other things in the model. One welcome addition is the fire escape as seen below: I?m going to show a bunch of examples of various items in the set so you can get the feel of the amazing detail in this design. Take a look at the lamps (torches?) just outside the door: And the streetlight with fire hydrant: Brickwork and archway: Awning: Here is the back side of the building. Note the trashcans and yard tools: Here is a close-up of the railings on the second story balcony and the second photo is the finished product with curtains in the window. Nice use of cups to make the banister on the second floor: Here is the fireplace on the second floor: Second floor staircase with Tom?s hiding spot: Check out the radiator on the third floor: More third floor: Nice grandfather clock and rug (third floor) Check out the deck that is up on the roof. Complete with two chairs, table, umbrella, flower pots and grill: Interesting use of minifig hammers on the roof: Finally, here is what is left over when we?re done: A couple of shots of the front: A shot of the back: And here are all three together: Overall Thoughts: This is an incredible set and the best of the three in my opinion. It is hard to top Caf? Corner but I believe Green Grocer just did. I absolutely love all the details and building techniques that went into making this set. There is a ton of different parts and wide color selection. As usual, we get a bunch of tiles and small plates, but that goes with the series. Also, we get four minifigs and lots of minifig accessories. I?m giving this set a score of 100%! I thought about it and I really don?t know how they could have made it any better. In short, RUN don?t walk to go pick this set up! Final Rating: 100% Build 10/10 (Excellent - Lots of nice interiors, details and accessories to build.) Functionality 10/10 (Outstanding. Raises the bar with interior and detail. Think Caf? Corner on steroids.) Design 10/10 (Excellent ? can?t say enough good things about it.) Parts 10/10 (Great selection and diverse colors. Great minifigs.) Price 10/10 (Price ratio is excellent but lots and lots of little parts. Well worth the price.) As alway, feel free to comment, complain and question what you see here. I'd like to hear your feedback on this amazing set."], [1, "Wow! That's a great review I'm glad you took so many pictures, this set is far better than I ever expected it to be, the detail inside is great. Is it the first set you'e given 100% to?"], [1, 'A great reveiw dunamis *y* . You have only backed up what i thought when the pictures first appeared, if you are a lego fan there is no excuse not to buy this set. It is a must have! I love the mouse hole and the mouse and his cheese *wub* .'], [1, "Damn you to hell Dunamis >:-( Now tks to you I really want the 3 sets put together X-D Wow that is what I call a sweet review 8-? Tks for taking the time to make once again such a fantastic one ;-) The overall look of the building is brilliant and I love the nice additions they did: the cheese and mouse (Jerry :-D ) is hilarious !! I didn't know Green Grocer had a rodent infestation !! And the use of the new built furniture and detils like the radiator is freaking awsome !! Also that set has a definite plus for me: its the back details !! I love the stairs, the deck with table !! Wowx that is what I call sweet backdoor details !! Now its clear that I will need to buy the 3 sets asap !! Tks once again Dunamis ;-) *yoda*"], [1, "Very nice. Very nice, indeed. Lots of lovely, little details, even at the back. This review hasn't changed my opinion one bit, I'm still looking forward to when I can finally pick up mine at the post office. I'm crossing my fingers that there will be more buildings following after this one. I'm guessing that LEGO's just testing the waters to see how far AFOL's are willing to go regarding price vs. details. Green Grocer is still epic, though."], [1, "For some silly (and quite delusional) reason I thought that I had a chance to review this first... :-D But yours is at your house, and mine is (hopefully) winging it's way to me... :'-) Thanks for the review! It will help me survive until mine arrives. I love this set. *wub* Hopefully there will be many more stunning sets like this to come. *sweet* xwingyoda, on Mar 8 2008, 08:03 PM, said: I didn't know Green Grocer had a rodent infestation !! Neither did I and I have looked through the instructions at least three times... :-$"], [1, '*Runs to Lego Store in Bluewater...* M.'], [1, "What a beautiful set, TLC give the designer a pay rise immedietly. I was lucky to order one of these while they were on sale to us aussies ;-) but dont worry lego the $100 you saved me will be spent on more sets like this. Carn't wait to watch my kids rescue residents in distress from those upper level windows with the fire fighters."], [1, "Man, these sets are so awesome. Incredible work done by the designers there, must have took a long time to get all this ogether. if they weren't too expensive i would go and buy them all 3 right away *wub*"], [1, "damn it ! what a great great review ! I definitly love this set !!!! burn credit card, burn ! you're the must in there Dunamis ! many thanks !"], [1, "Like the set, this review also deserves a 10/10. I've ordered this set yesterday on S@H. Seeing and reading this review, I'm convinced it will be worth the money. So, Bonaparte is finally entering the City theme !!!"], [1, "Great review, great set. I can't mine until after Easter. *weeps*."], [1, 'This is a nice review, thanks for all the great pictures!'], [1, 'Truly an awesome review. Thanks Dunamis. I ordered my two copies (one to build, one to store in the "vault") last week. Can\'t wait to get this one! The attention to detail here is what makes the set great. There\'s nothing to criticize about this set. It\'s really the closest thing to perfection that I have seen from TLC. The difference between this set and CC is the interior detail, and because of that, GG now become (in my opinion) the best set EVER released by TLC. Do the CC/GG/MS sets fit well with the 50th anniv. town plan? My impression is that out of the box, at least, they don\'t. Which is too bad. However, I don\'t think it would be hard to mod the Town Plan so it looks like it belongs in the same town as CC/GG/MS. These sets, to me, are what I have always wanted from TLC as an adult. I hope they keep up the line, and add more elements to this excellent lineup.'], [1, 'wow,, thanks for the nice review! I have the other 2 sets and waiting for this to come to our shores. Stupendous Design and Details! I really like the "hammer-rails" on the roof. CANt wait!!! *wub*'], [1, "Thanks for all the feedback. As you can tell, I really enjoyed building it. Cardinal Brick, on Mar 8 2008, 09:26 AM, said: Is it the first set you'e given 100% to? Yes, it is. I gave Cafe Corner a 96% and I felt this was a better set and improved on the things that I dinged Cafe Corner on (lack of minifigs was one thing.) That's why I enjoy reading the comments so I can see if my ratings are in line with what everyone else thinks and to see if I missed anything. I can't wait for some of you to build it and share your thoughts as well."], [1, "A very fine review with great and informative pictures, thanks dunamis! *y* And what a wonderful set, a masterpiece and far beyond everything I would?ve expected just one year ago.... The amount of details is exceptional, from the different railings to the mousehole and the radiator.... sheer brilliant. :'-) And two female MFs (or hippies, you never know....) and a child.... only one adult male character who nearly looks like.... well, anyways. It?s simply a milestone, and a very creative and inspiring beauty. *wub* Easter Parade on! And, sweet GG.... will you marry me? :-$"], [1, "O. M. G. I MUST HAVE THAT SET!! :'-) *y* *wub* I remember you telling me that you were going to do a review of this set, and I was so anxious! I love these reviews! Thanks so much! Great pictures. *wub* *y* *y* This will dent my wallet. 8-| I am so envious!"], [1, 'A very informative review, indeed. Thank you so much for doing so. Now I know that the price is worth every penny leaving my pocket. ;-) What do you guys think is TLC putting up as the next modular set? Is it asking too much of TLC to produce 1 modular set each quarter (4 times a year)?'], [1, "A million thanks for this review. This is greater than I thought. I especially like that clock. I'm going to get this set as soon as possible."], [1, ":-) AMAZING!!! Great Review!!! :-D U have totalyl convinced me to get this set! Its so wonderful, filled with great details. What a waste, i can't order it in S@H because i am from Singapore :'-( I hope it will come to my country, so i am able to buy it!!! :-)"], [1, "Thank you for the amazing review Dunamis! This set looks amazing *wub* I won't be able to afford it though :'-( Congrats! This is on the frontpage *y* *sweet*"], [0, 'AFOL SF, on Mar 8 2008, 06:29 PM, said: A very informative review, indeed. Thank you so much for doing so. Now I know that the price is worth every penny leaving my pocket. ;-) What do you guys think is TLC putting up as the next modular set? Is it asking too much of TLC to produce 1 modular set each quarter (4 times a year)? I would vote for a bank next.'], [1, "Great review. Thanks for taking the time to do this. This has been a great line. At the risk of abandoning my Castle/Adventurer loyalties. I've got to say this is rapidly becoming my favorite line and this set looks to be the best of the lot. While it still hurts to shell out $150, I think I'll still be happy to do so. Steve"], [1, "Thank you sooo much for this amazing review Dunamis! i absolutly adore this set and you've review has prompted me to certainetly start saving! (i have a bit left over form christmas that will come in handy! :-D ) I love the little fridge downstairs, the fire escape and the mouse hole, alot more good ideas that we can all use in creating our own buildings! This line is by far my favorite lego line ever! (yes even beats starwars, but only just ;-) ) Hooray for Dunamis! X-D"], [1, 'I?ve got something, I want to share with you. A beautiful dream came true: #1: the box: Top: Back: the alternate model is also very well done. The pneumatics dump the bucket and open the flap (?). Open: you can see a diagram how the pneumatics work. Just a happy kid playing. The plastic inlays (?): All: #2: the parts: As you can see, 8854 offers a very large variety of different parts. Loads of Technic bricks, gears and even plates. Also note the threaded axle 10, 5 large pulleys, a big turntable and the 1x20 Rack. #3: building: The mechanism for the outriggers and the rotation of the turntable: The turntable: The pneumatics are finished: The mechanism for the telescope: The finished model: #4 random shots: You can see how the turntable will be rotated. Thanks for reading- erm? viewing the pictures! Please comment if you want to!'], [1, 'Really cool set! This has convinced me that I really want it!'], [1, 'Wow, another old technic set review by you. Nice set, and thanks for that review.'], [0, "Looks like you have the original 1989 version with the yellow top cylinders. :-) I got one too several years ago, although I probably paid too much for it. :-P On a side note, if that pneumatic tubing feels harder and stiffer than the modern type, I highly recommend that you don't use it and buy some of the newer stuff off Bricklink instead. TLC originally used a different material for the tubes and this stuff degrades the nozzles (on pistons, switches and so on) over time. The old tubes also grip the nozzles much more firmly and if you aren't careful when removing them, it's actually possible to rip off the nozzles completely. X-O I had this happen a few years ago, although TLC replaced my broken pistons for free. I got rid of that stuff for good after that, although the pistons on my Power Crane still have slightly discolored nozzles. Edited by CP5670, 10 March 2008 - 04:57 AM."], [0, "CP5670, on Mar 10 2008, 05:53 AM, said: The old tubes also grip the nozzles much more firmly and if you aren't careful when removing them, it's actually possible to rip off the nozzles completely. X-O I actually noticed that while taking it apart but didn't really pay any attention. I just thought that's because it's an old part. Well, thanks for the information!"], [1, "Great pictures, especially the perspective from overhead. This is one of my favorite Technic models because it packs so many features in a relatively small space. And I'm working on documenting this one in Technicopedia right now! Thanks for the photos, Eric"], [1, "Thanks for another fun review! This set is high on my list of things to buy, I love cranes, built many and bought many including the classic 8460 from 1995 and the more recent 8421. That threaded axle never stopped intriguing me... It was use in so few sets (I believe 8851 contained one as well?) and I still don't know why it's better than any other axle. Congratulations with a near mint copy of this set! :-)"], [0, "simonwillems, on Mar 10 2008, 01:32 PM, said: That threaded axle never stopped intriguing me... It was use in so few sets (I believe 8851 contained one as well?) and I still don't know why it's better than any other axle. The purpose of the threaded axle is to carry tension. Regular axles are used primarily for carrying torsion (for gears), sometimes for compression (8855 landing gear, helicopter skids), and sometimes just for looks (roll cages, canopies). But used in tension, connectors will usually just pop off. With the threads and the corresponding nuts, this part can be used to squeeze parts together (like the pen in the plotter of 8094), or to hold heavy assemblies onto turntables (like 8862 and 8851). With the power crane (8854) reviewed here, that is the complete list of sets which used this part. I wrote about it here: http://www.ericalbre...1984.html#Parts Eric"], [1, 'As I bought it, I didn\'t even know I would also get a box. It just said: all parts with building instructions. After opening the parcel I was like: "woah... woooaaahhh" and so on. ;-) I love LEGO-boxes because as a child I stood in the toy stores starring at the boxes, only seeing the front and the back, nothing more. This brings back some memories... :\'-)'], [0, 'Blakbird, on Mar 10 2008, 09:45 PM, said: I wrote about it here: http://www.ericalbre...1984.html#Parts Eric Thanks for that information, it opened my eyes as to the function of the threaded axle! :-)'], [1, 'Thank you very much for that review!'], [1, 'I bought it some years ago for the b-model, and like it so much :D'], [0, 'This was my first Pneumatic Set'], [1, 'This was my first technic set, aged 7! Still a great one in terms of function density, and a great B-model. In the UK I\'m certain it was called the "Salvage Hoist".'], [0, 'Hi! This is my third (old-school) technic set review! I don?t want to talk much, please enjoy just the pictures! #1 the parts: #2 building: The two axles, you can see in the middle, are not connected and don?t belong to each other. The axle on the left side is for the steering, on the right side for the engine. The dark-gray ?Technic Gear 16 Tooth with Clutch? allows the connection from the differential gear to the engine, trough the axle for the steering. The V6-engine: The winch: That?s a part you don?t see everyday: a 1x2 Rack. It only reappears in 2 sets from 2001 and 2004. (The Rebel Wrecker has been released in 1994.) The ?Front double wishbone with anti-sway bar?-suspension (yeah, I got it from Technopedia! X-D ) The finished model: #3 random shots: I really like this picture! Authoritative, isn?t it? 8-? :-D Thanks for viewing the pictures! Please comment if you want to!'], [1, 'Thanks for reviewing all these old sets! Will you be doing any more?'], [1, 'yeah. If I rebuild and wash a model I will record it. Glad to see you liked it!'], [1, 'This set is really cool. I might actually get it!'], [1, 'Ah a good old retro review. Those old school days had some pretty impressive sets, with alot more complexity than modern sets. If you have it may I recommend 8880?'], [1, "Nice pictures. I also sort out the pieces the same way if I'm rebuilding a model. *y* This set packs a lot of functionality into a fairly small size, but was rather expensive for its size ($70) when it was still available, compared to other sets of that time. You can also rig up the Technic flag sticker that it comes with to the main model. I've done that on mine. You may want to reinforce it with tape if you're going to leave the model on display though, as it will break up over time due to UV exposure like many stickers do. I had to do that with mine after it started to crack, although it still looks pretty good."], [-1, "the only original stickers are the front headlight-patterns on the 2 red 1x2 bricks. The others have been destroyed - must have been the bad decaying sticker quality that breaks when you'll remove it - so I printed them. I didn't print the flag for only the alternate model needs it, although it's a neat idea...! and LordGalewind: clickey! I keep that in mind. One of my 8880 is already dusty enough!"], [1, "Thanks for reviewing this classic set. I got it when it first came out and still love it: the suspension, steering and robust look of the model haven't been done that well ever since. This set puzzled me though, back in the days. The rear suspending part containing the differential and some gears was shown different on the box from the instructions. In the instructions it showed that the (grey part of the suspension) in the back had to be made using a 1x2 smooth tile and 4 cornerplates (2x2) in grey. The box however showed a much sturdier solution using a 1x8 tile and a 1x8 plate. It is also visible on the cover of the instructions. The pieces I mean are in this picture: BerndDasBrot, on Mar 9 2008, 07:05 PM, said: Otherwise, great set!"], [0, 'Thanks! You\'ve just motivated me to go on a "senseless-preliminary-design-errors-hunt"...! A few things I\'ve discovered: Left Side (Alternate Model): the steering link can only be put in place with a little violence... the handlebar (?) is turned (far more than it\'s actually possible) although the wheels are straight. Right Side: The 1x8 Tile simonwillems pointed out The half bush right next to it is... *can\'t_find_the_words* ..."wrong". Could be that the Technic Triangle is missing. The "windscreen"- 1x6 Technic Plates are mounted with 1/2 pins instead of Axle Pins with half bushes. Who can find more...? X-D'], [0, 'hmm, seems like the wheels are recycled into the harley truck in the 2008 batman set!'], [1, "natelite, on Mar 10 2008, 05:57 PM, said: hmm, seems like the wheels are recycled into the harley truck in the 2008 batman set! nope. the harley-truck-wheels are thinner and somewhat more modern. I do believe they're the same like in 8274. Aaaaaaaand: for a long time in my life these wheels have been the best and coolest looking I've ever had! So where's your deference? :-D recycled... |-/ X-D"], [-1, "I've seen a few cases like this where the box pictures are slightly different from the actual model. The Airtech Claw Rig compressor is another one that comes to mind. The changes sometimes seem pointless and make you wonder why they bothered. :-P Quote the only original stickers are the front headlight-patterns on the 2 red 1x2 bricks. The others have been destroyed - must have been the bad decaying sticker quality that breaks when you'll remove it - so I printed them. I didn't print the flag for only the alternate model needs it, although it's a neat idea...! The other stickers on mine have held up pretty well, although I didn't try to remove them after I put them on. The flag started to break after a year or so and just fell off its axle at one point. I taped over it and it's holding up well now, although it's a little frayed along one edge. This is actually the earliest set I've seen that uses this crappy sticker material (which is unfortunately very common today). Even other Technic sets had good stickers for many years after that."], [1, 'BerndDasBrot, on Mar 10 2008, 05:56 PM, said: You\'ve just motivated me to go on a "senseless-preliminary-design-errors-hunt"...! Man..., this set is a disaster what were they thinking! :-D :-P I just remembered one other fun aspect of this set: The crane hook can be attached to the underside of the rear bumper, to hold it in position while driving along, but when things are like this and you try and wind up the cable the winch is strong enough to break the (original provided Lego) rope.... It \'worked\' with my copy. :-D So this set is capable of demolishing itself.... But still, one of the best Technicsets I have, with all stickers intact. I\'m not so sure about that flag though, must check on that.'], [1, 'Wow, that first picture is great! You must have a very wide angle lens with the capability to focus very close (macro). The perspective makes the model look huge. Nice work. I think the suspension on this set is my favorite of all Technic. It has such large travel and is so.... what word should I use..... "bouncy". Hey, why do you only review sets which are red? :-D Eric'], [0, 'Blakbird, on Mar 10 2008, 09:35 PM, said: Hey, why do you only review sets which are red? :-D I exactly thought that today as I made the pics for my signature...! X-D At my school leaving examination I made a model in Blender3D and explained to the board of examiners how to build a car and how to animate it. It needed a color, so I took red "because all beautiful and fast cars are red..." My physics teacher contradicted. :-)'], [1, 'A neat review of a cool set with very informative pictures, thanks BerndDasBrot! *y*'], [0, 'BerndDasBrot, on Mar 10 2008, 01:41 PM, said: At my school leaving examination I made a model in Blender3D and explained to the board of examiners how to build a car and how to animate it. It needed a color, so I took red "because all beautiful and fast cars are red..." My physics teacher contradicted. :-) Did you use Ferrari to prove your point? Any physics teacher would have to admit that a really fast car, approaching the speed of light, will always look red as it drives away due to red shift!! X-D On the other hand, 8880 looks pretty fast and it is black, although I have seen pictures of one that someone built in red. Yellow might be good too. Some cars even look fast in green. Eric'], [1, "I can remember that I've seen a few color variations on brickshelf and on ebay (They sold well). It's new and familiar at the same time. That makes it more interesting!"], [1, 'Reread your review today! Great pictures! This IS a fabulous model. Got this model a few months ago for just € 25! It is small and has great working parts. I love the way the front-suspension is made! Epic! I only had the light-stickers replaced with trans-clear bricks. BTW: The gear rack has been used in this years 8048 Buggy!'], [1, "I also happened to receive this set this weekend, virtually MISB (the seals on the side of the box were loose, however everything inside was untouched). This little beast a joy to build and even more so to play with! As indicated by Eric on the technicopedia page, it's crammed with functions for a medium-sized set. I think I love it even more than my son does"], [1, 'I read blackbirds technopedia page on this truck the other week, went onto ebay and picked up a MISB copy for £25 GBP Bargin, great to get old sets unopened, peeling the plastic off of the specialist parts was always cool! Love the front suspension'], [0, "That price is exceptional. It's less than what I paid for mine 9 years ago, and is even less than the original price of the set. Note that the stickers in this set are the bad variety that will crack and peel over time. If you want to preserve them (the Technic flag in particular), you will need to tape over it."], [1, 'Somehow I also managed to get this set in very good condition (including box, instructions and all stickers) for a mere €22 a few months ago. This is indeed a very special set, and was a pleasure to build. The only flaw I noticed was weak support of the rear drivetrain, which was easily corrected with a few extra plates.'], [0, "grepin, on Mar 24 2010, 12:37 AM, said: ........ The only flaw I noticed was weak support of the rear drivetrain, which was easily corrected with a few extra plates. huh? Like where? Don't have that much problems with that rear train. (At least if i you don't trow the model down the stairs or something like that...)"], [0, "JunkstyleGio, on Mar 23 2010, 11:17 PM, said: huh? Like where? Don't have that much problems with that rear train. (At least if i you don't trow the model down the stairs or something like that...) Maybe it's unusual, but this section of the drive train didn't hold that well on my model: This is how it looks now: The parts made redundant were left in the built model, that's why there's that useless 8-tooth gear there :P"], [1, "Hello, my dear friends! Here's something new. I am actually making a review with pictures! Yes, I got a new camera for christmas. Now I was testing to see how the camera would reflect, so some of the pics are a bit blurry. I have based this review from Dunamis's reviews. He is my inspiration.So, without further ado, I bring you the Review! Set #: 7693 Name: ETX Alien Strike Price: $19.99, ?12,99 Pieces: 246 Box: Okay, so as you can see below, the Box is pretty simple. As always, European versions won't have the Piece count, name, etc, just the Number I believe. Mine, having the American Version, has the info on it. as you can see, it has the Classic MM logo, and the red Planet, as well as the set in a pose itself. Very Nice. I linked it because the Pic wasn't resizing. http://www.brickshel...ke/dscn0017.jpg Below is the back of the box. It shows the other sets and some features of this set. Contents: Next we have the Contents. This set includes a medium sized DSS (xwingyoda), a bag labeled one, and HUGE bag labeled two, the 1 bag contains a smaller bag, and the two bag includes two smaller bags. 5 bags in all. Also pictured are the instructions. I have linked it due to the non-resize. http://www.brickshel...ke/dscn0019.jpg Figs: Included in this set are three figs. Two jellies, and 1 astro. The jeelies are fine, but I pefer the LoM ones. But they glow. Those new alien commanders for Summer look promising though. The astro is nice, and includes an extra gold Visor. MOC ON! Astro Miner: In all MM sets there is a human and alien set. The Astro par of this set is a Mini-miner. Here is a pic of construction and that wonderful space logo sticker. Not Much of a cockpit. :-/ Finished Miner(The set number, too): Overall I like the miner, and It is nicely designed. I feel the cockpit is lacking though. Aliens: The alien Vehical is the Main part of the set. This pic shows the beginning steps. Solid and sturdy. But those four axles/pin parts(blue) are pointless. No support, and they don't get used at all. Nice TLC. :-| Now we get cooking! This pic shows the tail added on and the more bulk being built. We get a little repetitive and build the craft up in this pic. And this pic from the instructions shows how the alien craft transforms for battle. The completed set and extra bits. Parts: 8/10 Figs 8/10 Price Per Piece ration: 9/10 Playability: 9/10 Overall: 85% The alien craft is great. The attack feature is nice and there are a ton of trans green parts. The alien falls out of the cockpit when turned upside down. I love this set, and it's perfect for MM fans or beginners.It has nice parts, and read the above part for more details. Gallery when Moderated. Keep an eye out for future reviews! Please comment. :-)"], [1, "Thanks for the great review VBBN! *y* I already own 2 of these X-D On your camera there should be a little flower sign, switch to that to go to micro mode ;-) It's a really good first review *y* *sweet*"], [-1, 'A nice review, well done! *y* The set itself doesn?t look quite interesting to me, compared with some of the newer ones like 7647 or 7648.... the way the driver fits into the cockpit looks not very clever and pretty uncomfortable as well.... X-D'], [-1, 'thanx for the review. i have one question. do these aliens have moving arms? as far as the set goes i think lego did a bad job on the alien ship. i dont think any of the alien ships look good in Mars Mission the human fanction got a lot better this year and i would have bought this buggy if it came by its self..'], [-1, "My friend has this set and the alien ship's wings are wobbly and overall :-X He may have built it wrong, I'm not sure, I didn't see the build. Anyways, nice review! *y*"], [1, "Sweet first pic review! *y* I got this set for a birthday present last year, and it is pretty fun overall. The alien ship in this set is actually one of my favorites. It just looks cool, and the way you can fold it out is really clever. The only negative for me is the cockpit of the mining unit. Not really because it isn't detailed, but because mine is top heavy, and keeps falling forward. It's kinda funny if you think about him driving along and then falling forward...but not funny at all when you're playing. |-/"], [1, 'Cool review. makes me want to get the set. *y*'], [1, "Exobuilder, on Mar 12 2008, 07:51 PM, said: Thanks for the great review VBBN! *y* I already own 2 of these X-D On your camera there should be a little flower sign, switch to that to go to micro mode ;-) It's a really good first review *y* *sweet* Thanks, Exobulder! Asuka, on Mar 12 2008, 08:08 PM, said: A nice review, well done! *y* The set itself doesn?t look quite interesting to me, compared with some of the newer ones like 7647 or 7648.... the way the driver fits into the cockpit looks not very clever and pretty uncomfortable as well.... X-D Thanks Asuka! I agree with you. I didn't want this set at first, but I couldn't resist... X-D phoinix, on Mar 12 2008, 10:18 PM, said: thanx for the review. i have one question. do these aliens have moving arms? as far as the set goes i think lego did a bad job on the alien ship. i dont think any of the alien ships look good in Mars Mission the human fanction got a lot better this year and i would have bought this buggy if it came by its self.. No, they don't. kill will, on Mar 12 2008, 11:27 PM, said: My friend has this set and the alien ship's wings are wobbly and overall :-X He may have built it wrong, I'm not sure, I didn't see the build. Anyways, nice review! *y* The wings are slightly wobbly, but nothing too bad. :-) Kliq, on Mar 13 2008, 12:20 AM, said: Sweet first pic review! *y* I got this set for a birthday present last year, and it is pretty fun overall. The alien ship in this set is actually one of my favorites. It just looks cool, and the way you can fold it out is really clever. The only negative for me is the cockpit of the mining unit. Not really because it isn't detailed, but because mine is top heavy, and keeps falling forward. It's kinda funny if you think about him driving along and then falling forward...but not funny at all when you're playing. |-/ Mine doesn't fall forward. Maybe the newer ones have stronger joints? AgentRick57, on Mar 13 2008, 06:50 PM, said: Cool review. makes me want to get the set. *y* That's good, that means it's a good review. *sweet* And one more things, is that I was surprised how big the ship was in the end... Perhaps those large black parts caused it. Thanks for the Comments everyone!"], [0, 'Thank you for your nice review, vbbn! *y* But it only confirms: This theme is NOT my cup of tea. Weird aliens, strange colors, parts stuck together with no idea. :-| I always hated this big wheels - it?s even worse in orange. :-X Saving money for different sets ON! (and that doesn?t mean it was a bad review ;-) )'], [1, "~VBBN~, on Mar 12 2008, 11:37 PM, said: Those new alien commanders for Summer look promising though. I've not heard of these. Can you direct me to some pictures? Steve"], [1, 'Holodoc: I agree with you. And the buety of being a custom parts maker is that I can recolor these... :-) *y* Athos: Sure, buddy. They have moving arms, legs, (a real MF!) The arms and legs are the same just flipped. :-) Edited by ~VBBN~, 14 March 2008 - 01:12 AM.'], [-1, "~VBBN~, on Mar 14 2008, 01:12 AM, said: Holodoc: I agree with you. And the buety of being a custom parts maker is that I can recolor these... :-) *y* Athos: Sure, buddy. They have moving arms, legs, (a real MF!) The arms and legs are the same just flipped. :-) Blech... I don't like that at all. :-X Steve"], [1, 'Thanks for the review! I do like this set, though I am not a fan of the jelly aliens, though The alien ship looks good with the curved parts and flip open and close design!'], [1, "Well, as bad a concept aliensvshumans is for a theme... I really do like this set. The human rover has nice parts for reuse, especially those oldschool space wheels. And despite those wobbly wings, I really like the alien ship. goes from a flying saucer-ish shape to a spread winged almost raven shape, very ominous and cool looking. Now that 'alien commander' is terrible... if I don't buy bionicle minifigs already, why would I be interested in that thing? Kinda wish they'd take the Drones from the retiring ExoForce theme and do them in green, they'd make nice alien robot things..."], [1, "A great review for a great set. *sweet* I too own it and it's still in one piece. ;-) Kliq, on Mar 13 2008, 05:20 AM, said: The only negative for me is the cockpit of the mining unit. Not really because it isn't detailed, but because mine is top heavy, and keeps falling forward. It's kinda funny if you think about him driving along and then falling forward...but not funny at all when you're playing. |-/ May I suggest this MOD?: http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=2848762"], [1, "Great review! Thanks for taking the time. I'm glad to see another reviewer out there as there are a lot of sets to cover. Nicely done."], [0, '(sorry, double post)'], [0, "zero1312: Thanks! dunamis, on Mar 26 2008, 06:21 PM, said: Great review! Thanks for taking the time. I'm glad to see another reviewer out there as there are a lot of sets to cover. Nicely done. Thanks! And I plan to help the coverage. I will buy the sets frowned upon, hidden in shadows, or even ones that I want, and review them. Most of my reviews will be this way. I already have another one on it's way! Edited by ~VBBN~, 28 March 2008 - 07:42 PM."], [0, 'Anytime, ~VBBN~!!! *sweet*'], [1, 'Hi! This is my forth (old-school) technic set review! Since blakbird pointed out that all my technic reviews are red, I chose a yellow dune blaster for today! just kidding. this set is red as it should be! (Don\'t worry my next reviews will be yellow and black... uhhh forshadowing... ;-) ) I will start with some facts! 277 elements and released in 1994 that\'s enough. #1: the box: #2: the parts: #3: building instructions and catalogues: Wow! No folds, no wear marks - simply: *wub* "Was lesen coole Kids?" - "KLICK! Das super Magazin fuer coole Kids!" (How obvious...) #4: building: No differential. I really love the way the 1x8 Technic Bricks on the sides will be positioned later. Fun fact: the engine contains no 2L-Technic Axle. ...and finished. A real quick build. #5: spare parts: ...for the alternate model. The yellow Technic Handle should be from 8412. Maybe a bonus feature from the seller! #6: random shots: #7: final thoughts: This is my second 8829 and I also noticed that the engine turns very hard. The alternate model is really (sorry to all those of you who like it) crappy. I mean- a nice idea, but not with this wheels! :-| Anyway: a really beautiful Technic-set! *reminiscing* (this word exists, does it?) thanks for viewing the pictures, I hope you enjoyed it! Please comment if you want to! Edited by BerndDasBrot, 21 March 2008 - 02:09 PM.'], [1, 'That looks like a very nice set! :-) In your opinion, how does it compare to the current Dune Buggy? -Toa Of Justice'], [0, "I don't own the 8296, but what I can see from the pictures, I would say that 8296 is very similar to 8829. The only things that are different ist that 8296 is studless and features a steering wheel for the seat. But 8829 has got bigger wheels... >:-) It also would have been nice, if the wheels from 8296 could have the same tread."], [1, 'A very good review with fine and informative pictures, and a really nice set, thanks, BerndDasBrot. *sweet* Hmm, I really wish that TLC would make some steerable cars within the System line too....'], [1, 'Great set, great review, although the set looks better in yellow. :-D'], [1, 'BerndDasBrot, on Mar 21 2008, 07:07 AM, said: Hi! This is my forth (old-school) technic set review! Since blakbird pointed out that all my technic reviews are red, I chose a yellow dune blaster for today! This is my second 8829 and I also noticed that the engine turns very hard. The alternate model is really (sorry to all those of you who like it) crappy. I mean- a nice idea, but not with this wheels! :-| Anyway: a really beautiful Technic-set! *reminiscing* (this word exists, does it?) thanks for viewing the pictures, I hope you enjoyed it! Please comment if you want to! A great set review, as always. Nice try making a review of a set that was not red. It almost worked! Maybe next time. *sweet* One thing I noticed is that a bunch of your pictures are missing the beam that goes over the left hand wheel as a fender. Like this picture: What kind of camera do you use? The pictures have very good depth of field, meaning that both the foreground and the background are in good focus. This is usually hard to do without a very small aperture. Yes, "reminiscing" is a word. It means to fondly remember the past. I also noticed that the engine was sticky. Set 8408 has the same problem. It took me forever to figure out what the problem was. If you take the engine out of the model, it turns nice and smooth. Then when you put it back in, it works terrible. It turns out the key is that, in the back, there is an 8 tooth spur gear and a 24 tooth crown gear used as a spur. If you look at Technica, you will see that there are two different crown gears. One of them works well mated with an 8 tooth on parallel axles, and the other one doesn\'t. The difference is only supposed to be longer teeth, so it really should not matter, but it does. If your set works bad, try switching the crown gear to one of the other variety. Worked for me. Eric'], [1, 'Toa_Of_Justice, on Mar 21 2008, 08:10 AM, said: That looks like a very nice set! :-) In your opinion, how does it compare to the current Dune Buggy? -Toa Of Justice IMHO, 8829 is much better than 8296. First, 8829 is a lot bigger. I really like the huge rear balloon tires. They both have rack and pinion steering, and they both have trailing arm rear suspension with a V-2 engine. I think the body on 8829 is a little more well done. For 8296, I think the alternate tractor model is much better. For more comparisons, see Technicopedia. Eric'], [0, "Blakbird, on Mar 22 2008, 09:49 PM, said: One thing I noticed is that a bunch of your pictures are missing the beam that goes over the left hand wheel as a fender. oh no. I forgot to put it back. I wanted to make a photo with this beam alone... 8-| Blakbird said: What kind of camera do you use? The pictures have very good depth of field, meaning that both the foreground and the background are in good focus. This is usually hard to do without a very small aperture. The camera belongs to my dad. it's a panasonic lumix dmc-fz30eg: Blakbird said: One of them works well mated with an 8 tooth on parallel axles, and the other one doesn't. The difference is only supposed to be longer teeth, so it really should not matter, but it does. If your set works bad, try switching the crown gear to one of the other variety. Worked for me. Wow! you're right! Never thought of that! thanks! I made a SCAN (!) of those two gears: You can notice the longer teeth (first pic). Edited by BerndDasBrot, 23 March 2008 - 03:03 PM."], [1, "Blakbird, on Mar 22 2008, 03:56 PM, said: IMHO, 8829 is much better than 8296. First, 8829 is a lot bigger. I really like the huge rear balloon tires. They both have rack and pinion steering, and they both have trailing arm rear suspension with a V-2 engine. I think the body on 8829 is a little more well done. For 8296, I think the alternate tractor model is much better. For more comparisons, see Technicopedia. Eric Wow! 8-? Thanks for that cool link, Blakbird! X-D I agree that 8829's body is better. I especially like 8829's rear spoiler and its angled side beams. :-) -Toa Of Justice"], [1, 'Hello All Apologize for digging out a such old post. Recently I got a bag of Lego Technic parts where there have been mixed three sets: 8858, 8829 and 8235 The resurrection of 8858 has been described by me in a separate post. Going back to the Dune Buggy – when I saw it for the first time back in 1994 I did not like it, as I was always big fan of 8840 (which I consider to the day the best looking Buggy) and set 8829 looked to me ugly. So there were those all parts in the bag… then I though why not build it ? And I started to do it. When I finished I was very surprised how the final look of this set is! Really taking my words back. Unfortunately in the bag there were missing some parts and I could not rebuild the back spoiler. So I made some changes to it and make it from spare parts that I have and it came out acceptable. I also added some additional parts such as “fake” steering wheel, “Rally” logo, antennas. I have also reverse mounting of the rear tires – why Lego did them like that I never know – as I think they look better this way. Set: well the review has been already made by owner of this post so I will only add few things into it. Engine – V2 (aired cooled?) is driven by 4 gears -> from the single wheel (no differential as in 8840) using two old school z14 tooth bevel , then by z24 tooth crown and z8 tooth type 1. Actually the (as in most old sets) the pistons are moving very fast (not as in current sets) and smooths – I needed to extra clean all engine parts as there was a lot friction. Suspension – set has “engine bay” working using two old gray shock absorbers 6,5l – the movement is not big but works very nice, better then in 8840 in my opinion. Steering – this is a bit odd as there is no direct connection to HoG as in most old sets, but first the gear rack is moved by z8 then two z14 tooth where reverse movement is taking place. Later connection of two old school z14 tooth bevel goes to HoG Details – this is the most that I like in this set, specially how the use of axle pin connector perpendicular and 1x10 bricks with 3x3 cut corners and plate 1x5 toothed ends 2 studs with center axle hole are making the body shape – is just wonder. Tires – the balloon rear are pretty nice the front is a new version of those that were in 8840. What I do not like: 1. Missing of Technic Figure (8840 had it.) 2. no steering wheel in the original set 3. no differential – but having in mind that Lego has introduce 24-12 teeth would be difficult to build the transmission in such small space where the engine is. I will shortly upload new pictures and post them here later on . Over all – I think it is worth buying it as it is very payable ! Actually very payable and runs smoothly , the steering, suspension – perfect Thank you and regards'], [0, 'Pictures of my restored set 8829 (I was almost 96% complete, and for missing parts I add of my own) The seat is black and not blue (as one was missing in my 8858) the spoiler is different, steering wheel added (not connected to wheels) and some additional items to make it look better) this is how I change the tire orientation The "new" rear spoiler: I still need to "clean" front rims Edited by AOW, 26 November 2015 - 12:32 PM.'], [1, 'WOW! This buggy was my very first LEGO set. I like this review - it remembered my childhood. I also liked its body with those 8 studs long bricks on sides. I can also remember trying to build engine in such way that it works smooth without success. Anyway I think its "studless version" - set 8048 is much better.'], [1, 'Finally, after a very frustrating incident with the Internet Explorer 7\'s \'Back\' button, I present to you my very first review. This is a review of set 8158 Speed Racer Vs Snake Oiler, it\'s also the first review of a Speed Racer set on EuroBricks. Also you should know that I didn\'t put the stickers on as they can be quite valuable later on down the road, so I\'m sorry for the lack of stickers. :-$ So without further ado I present to you my first review. He He, that rhymes. :-D EDIT: I just finished resizing the pics and uploading them to BrickShelf after having a heated argument about when my bedtime is with my mother. So, I will be doing a complete redo of the picture portion of my review of set 8158. I\'m going to work on that as soon as I finish typing this message... EDIT 2: Review fully redone now, *sighs*, that took forever. EDIT 3: Almost forgot to put in a new link to its BrickShelf folder. This is V.2 of my review of set 8158, enjoy... Theme: Speed Racer Set:8158 Speed Racer Vs Snake Oiler Price: $19.99US Pieces: 242 Minifigs: 2 First off pics of the Box, Instructions, DSS, Minifigs, and New Parts: There are so many stickers they had to number them! X-O SO\'s sunglasses are chrome Gold. 8-? Close-up of the hemets. New parts include, First System Lego hubcap, new more curvy fenders, curved windshield, and a S-shaped connector piece. Now onto the Build, First Speed Racer\'s Mach 5: Back part of the car. The cockpit of the car. They connect with the new S-shaped piece. Front part of the car. Front and cockpit also connected using the new S-shaped piece. Side view of the car, so far. Underside of the car, so far. Adding more detail. Ground level front view of the car. Side view with added detail. Underside with newly added axles. Demonstrating how the new hubcaps are put on. Now on to building Snake Oilers Orange-ilicious racer: Back part of the car. The cockpit of the car. They are connected using the S-shaped piece. Front part of the car with seemingly random color choices. *wacko* The front and cockpit are also connected using the new S-shaped piece. Adding Orange-irific fenders. Side view of the car so far. Adding more detail. Smoothing things over. Ground level view with Lime Green "eyes" and white "fangs". Side view with more detail. Rearword view of the car with newly added cuve-acious windshield. No hubcaps!?! :-| Now onto finished views of both cars, First the Mach 5: Side view with sweet hubcaps. Up close and personal with the Mach 5. A rearend shot. "I got hubcaps, I got hubcaps!", Speed racer. Now SO\'s Snake Racer, yes thats what I\'m calling it. :-P :-D Beautiful! Blurry, :-$ rearend pic. "Watchout it bites!", Snake Oiler He\'s ready to take on SR, Hubcaps or no hubcaps! >:-) Racin\'! Now for some comparison shots: Hope you all like V.2 better then V.1, I know I liked it better. X-D Seriously though I even learned a thing or two doin\' this last version. ;-) Now it\'s time for my summary: Overall a very well designed and executed set. It\'s only downfalls are that there are way too many stickers, 32 to be exact, :-| and there are no cool contraptions on the cars to take out the other racer. A great buy for $19.99, I reccomend this set to everybody because of the reasons I staed above and because even I, who is not a big fan of Speed Racer, X-O was drawn to this spectacular little set. Price: 10/10 Pieces: 8/10 Too many stickers. Minifigs: 9/10 Needed some accessories. Playability: 8/10 Needs some cool contraptions on the cars to take out the other racer. Overall: 35/40 General Tarful Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 12:07 PM.'], [1, "Can't wait to get me one of those!!"], [0, "You're wrong. Lego has made a hubcap before! Here it is: Look at the wheels (click)."], [0, "Mr. Builder, on Mar 22 2008, 06:01 PM, said: You're wrong. Lego has made a hubcap before! Here it is: Look at the wheels (click). Ok, but they're still the first System hubcaps. :-P X-D ;-) General Tarful"], [1, 'What store did you find this at? X-O Great review.'], [0, 'General Tarful, please resize those pics. Even with the new re-size feature, people are having a tough time reading your review because it takes time for the tool to work. Check out the picture resize tutorial here and some other handy tutorials here. Thanks.'], [-1, "I'm sorry, but your review has only served to further enlighten me that these sets are a pile of cack! Absolutely lazy design and the only reason I'd get one is for the windscreen so I can build a proper landspeeder from Star Wars... M."], [0, 'Lt. Veers, on Mar 23 2008, 01:39 AM, said: What store did you find this at? X-O Great review. I found all the April released Speed Racers sets in the shop in LEGOLAND. I was going to post a review Tuesday of this set, but I can see I\'m too late. Now I cross my fingers for the Fierce Creatures set doesn\'t get "taken" as well. I would like to comment on the review, but the pictures are too big - it simply takes too long to load. Regarding that new resize function. I can see it does "nearest neighbor" rescaling. Doesn\'t it resize to less than 640x480? I thought that was the standard for forum post pictures. Edited by Lasse D, 23 March 2008 - 12:55 AM.'], [0, 'Lasse D, on Mar 22 2008, 06:54 PM, said: I found all the April released Speed Racers sets in the shop in LEGOLAND. I was going to post a review Tuesday of this set, but I can see I\'m too late. Now I cross my fingers for the Fierce Creatures set doesn\'t get "taken" as well. I would like to comment on the review, but the pictures are too big - it simply takes too long to load. Regarding that new resize function. I can see it does "nearest neighbor" rescaling. Doesn\'t it resize to less than 640x480? I thought that was the standard for forum post pictures. 800 x 600'], [1, "Thanks for the picture packed review! :-D I love Snake Oiler's car, it's so... orange! *wub* *wub* And sleek, and smooth, and sexy... X-D Thanks again! ~Peace"], [0, 'Hmm.... very interesting. Thanks for the review, GeneralTarful. *y* Both cars, although pretty wide, look still very sleek and fast. Especially from the side. And solid, too.... But the front of the Mach 5 without the stickers.... I don´t know. From some angles it looks good, and a little bad from some other.... 8-| Sticker mayhem, again, but very useful parts nevertheless. BTW, what was the price..? And, Hinckley, do you have a brother or is this just the start of a new career? :-P'], [1, "Thanks for the review. *sweet* I love these sets... but buying them will depend on the Australian price. Just to be a nag, you really need to reduce the picture size. Remember that whie the pictures are resized by the forum software, this is done browser side so it isn't as useful as it would seem. The full picture is still loaded, just the same as Brickshelf. LegoFranks, on Mar 23 2008, 10:49 AM, said: I'm sorry, but your review has only served to further enlighten me that these sets are a pile of cack! Absolutely lazy design and the only reason I'd get one is for the windscreen so I can build a proper landspeeder from Star Wars... M. I'm surprised you feel that way. I think these sets are great and I love how they are no where near as juniorised as I feared."], [0, 'Lt. Veers, on Mar 22 2008, 06:39 PM, said: What store did you find this at? X-O Great review. K-Mart of all places. :-D Hinckley, on Mar 22 2008, 06:47 PM, said: General Tarful, please resize those pics. Even with the new re-size feature, people are having a tough time reading your review because it takes time for the tool to work. Check out the picture resize tutorial here and some other handy tutorials here. Thanks. Sorry Hinkley, I keep forgetting that everyones computers are as fast as mine. X-D I\'m resizing them all right now. :-$ Lasse D, on Mar 22 2008, 06:54 PM, said: I found all the April released Speed Racers sets in the shop in LEGOLAND. I was going to post a review Tuesday of this set, but I can see I\'m too late. Now I cross my fingers for the Fierce Creatures set doesn\'t get "taken" as well. I would like to comment on the review, but the pictures are too big - it simply takes too long to load. Regarding that new resize function. I can see it does "nearest neighbor" rescaling. Doesn\'t it resize to less than 640x480? I thought that was the standard for forum post pictures. Sorry, :-$ as I stated above I\'m working on it. iamded, on Mar 22 2008, 07:05 PM, said: Thanks for the picture packed review! :-D I love Snake Oiler\'s car, it\'s so... orange! *wub* *wub* And sleek, and smooth, and sexy... X-D Thanks again! ~Peace You are most definitly welcome Iamded! I love the Orange-ness of the car too. ;-) Asuka, on Mar 22 2008, 07:06 PM, said: Hmm.... very interesting. Thanks for the review, GeneralTarful. *y* Both cars, although pretty wide, look still very sleek and fast. Especially from the side. And solid, too.... But the front of the Mach 5 without the stickers.... I don´t know. From some angles it looks good, and a little bad from some other.... 8-| Sticker mayhem, again, but very useful parts nevertheless. BTW, what was the price..? And, Hinckley, do you have a brother or is this just the start of a new career? :-P You\'re Welcome Asuka, and yes they are very sleek if not a little wide. The price was $19.99US, the same as 8159. ;-) Sinner, on Mar 22 2008, 07:16 PM, said: Thanks for the review. *sweet* I love these sets... but buying them will depend on the Australian price. Just to be a nag, you really need to reduce the picture size. Remember that whie the pictures are resized by the forum software, this is done browser side so it isn\'t as useful as it would seem. The full picture is still loaded, just the same as Brickshelf. I\'m surprised you feel that way. I think these sets are great and I love how they are no where near as juniorised as I feared. You\'re welcome Sinner, though you\'re such a nag! :-P :-D Just kidding... I\'m resizing them now. ;-) Edited by GeneralTarful, 23 March 2008 - 05:44 AM.'], [1, "Thanks for the review, I think i'll certainly get these sets. They look very nice and have nice minfigs (I love racing, as long as minifigs could sit in them). The fact that there are so much stickers make me think this is an model building theme, like when you build plastic cars (with all those tiny pieces and a load of stickers). But that 'S'-shaped thingy does already exist, doesn't it? Edited by Matn, 23 March 2008 - 11:40 AM."], [1, "The more I see these sets the more I want them... but I fear a $40 AUD pricetag... :-/ GeneralTarful, on Mar 23 2008, 03:44 PM, said: Sorry Hinkley, I keep forgetting that everyones computers are as fast as mine. X-D I'm resizing them all right now. :-$ Oh my computer is fast enough, but even fast internet in Australia is slow. :-| Thanks very much for going to the huge effort of re-uploading the pictures. *sweet* Matn, on Mar 23 2008, 09:39 PM, said: But that 'S'-shaped thingy does already exist, doesn't it? Yes, I have a few of them. Great pieces too! *wub*"], [1, "Sinner, on Mar 23 2008, 11:55 AM, said: Yes, I have a few of them. Great pieces too! I don't think I've seen them in a set for years though. It's good to see them back. But... 32 stickers? That's more than any of the first wave of EF ever had! Still, the set itself is very nice, with some nifty new pieces, and the minifigs are pretty cool too. I may not be familiar with Speed Racer, but I still may get this. I'll go and see the film as well, to fill in the background (of the set)."], [1, 'Yay, finally! Thanks for the great review. It confirmed that I am most definately getting these *wub* The orange racer is absolutley beautiful! Once again, awesome review! *sweet*'], [0, "Matn, on Mar 23 2008, 06:39 AM, said: Thanks for the review, I think i'll certainly get these sets. They look very nice and have nice minfigs (I love racing, as long as minifigs could sit in them). The fact that there are so much stickers make me think this is an model building theme, like when you build plastic cars (with all those tiny pieces and a load of stickers). But that 'S'-shaped thingy does already exist, doesn't it? You're welcome Matn! Sinner, on Mar 23 2008, 06:55 AM, said: The more I see these sets the more I want them... but I fear a $40 AUD pricetag... :-/ Oh my computer is fast enough, but even fast internet in Australia is slow. :-| Thanks very much for going to the huge effort of re-uploading the pictures. *sweet* Yes, I have a few of them. Great pieces too! *wub* You're welcome Sinner, it wasn't that time consuming. ;-) It's times like these that I'm glad I live in the U.S. of A! X-D Oh sure, blame it on where you live. :-P I didn't know the S-shaped pieces already exsisted. :-$ They're new to me. Brainbox, on Mar 23 2008, 09:28 AM, said: I don't think I've seen them in a set for years though. It's good to see them back. But... 32 stickers? That's more than any of the first wave of EF ever had! Still, the set itself is very nice, with some nifty new pieces, and the minifigs are pretty cool too. I may not be familiar with Speed Racer, but I still may get this. I'll go and see the film as well, to fill in the background (of the set). I agree, there are way too many stickers! I'm not that familiar either with Speed Racer. :-$ Exobuilder, on Mar 23 2008, 09:31 AM, said: Yay, finally! Thanks for the great review. It confirmed that I am most definately getting these *wub* The orange racer is absolutley beautiful! Once again, awesome review! *sweet* You're welcome Exobuilder! I *wub* the Orange-yness of SO's racer too. On another note, the review of set 8159: Racer X Vs Taejo will be up shortly... so stay tuned... General Tarful Edited by GeneralTarful, 24 March 2008 - 01:43 AM."], [0, "GeneralTarful, on Mar 23 2008, 07:24 PM, said: You're welcome Hinkley, it wasn't that time consuming. ;-) ... :-D You're actually responding to a quote from Sinner. But don't worry, a lot of people mix us up... And thank you for resizing all of the pics! *sweet*"], [0, "Hinckley, on Mar 23 2008, 08:36 PM, said: ... :-D You're actually responding to a quote from Sinner. But don't worry, a lot of people mix us up... And thank you for resizing all of the pics! *sweet* Oops, :-$ sorry, edited. Also, you are most welcome Hinkley. On another note heres a teaser pic of my next review, set 8159: General Tarful Edited by GeneralTarful, 24 March 2008 - 02:19 AM."], [1, "I definately prefer 8159, in terms of minifigs, and useful parts colors to me :-$ But the cars are all the same basic design. Thanks for the review. And I actually love the stickers. This means I won't have to rub off all the print, and if wanted, I can use stickers elsewhere :-$"], [0, "Brickmaster, on Mar 24 2008, 12:18 AM, said: I definately prefer 8159, in terms of minifigs, and useful parts colors to me :-$ But the cars are all the same basic design. Thanks for the review. And I actually love the stickers. This means I won't have to rub off all the print, and if wanted, I can use stickers elsewhere :-$ I prefer 8159 too, because of the minifigs mostly. X-D Anyways the review of set 8159 is now open for viewing pleasure... just click here. Yes they all have the same basic design... so far. I never thought of stickers like that, thanks for enlightening me. :-) You are most definitly welcome Brickmaster! ;-) General Tarful Edited by Tarfful, 27 March 2008 - 09:19 PM."], [0, 'Nice, but not my cuppa.'], [0, "GeneralTarful, on Mar 24 2008, 01:24 AM, said: I didn't know the S-shaped pieces already exsisted. :-$ They're new to me. http://www.peeron.com/inv/parts/6087 GeneralTarful, on Mar 24 2008, 01:24 AM, said: I *wub* the Orange-yness of SO's racer too. It's weird. Orange is one of those colours that looks a lot better in Lego form than it often does in real life. Brickmaster, on Mar 24 2008, 05:18 AM, said: And I actually love the stickers. This means I won't have to rub off all the print, and if wanted, I can use stickers elsewhere :-$ Oh, I don't mind them. I just think there are an awful lot, when there perhaps don't need to be. Although not being familiar with the source material, I 'm not sure if that's the case."], [0, "Thanks for resizing the pics. It is strange that you didn't know about that Z-piece before. It was well used in old space sets. The cars are pretty nice, but I think the people sit way too high in them - the windscreen gives almost no protection. I am planning on modifying them to 7 studs wide since that's my current standard for this kind of race cars (Seriously!). Looking forward to the next review."], [1, "As I said elsewhere I couldn't see this reviewed anywhere so here you are! To start with, a couple of box shots: The contents and the parts laid out: The instructions: This is what was left over from the build: And here's the kit complete. Build time, about ten seconds if you pick your nose whilst you are doing it. :-D I love the little robot, it reminds me of that weird machine in the first Wallace and Gromit adventure, in fact, give it some skis and you are away. Oh, and it has a metal detector thingy which I might have to borrow for a future episode of Grunts (I'm not sure if I have any already...who knows...) Cost - £2.49. Value for money? Erm, no, knock a quid off and I'd say yes. Dr. S."], [1, "Doctor Sinister, on Mar 22 2008, 09:56 PM, said: And here's the kit complete. Build time, about ten seconds if you pick your nose whilst you are doing it. :-D Dr. S. And I thought the visors were really supposed to be gold. :-| Thanks Doc, that was quick! This looks like a very nice, simple set. I'll probaly get one of these. Except it comes with one of those hideous faces! ( That's right, I'm talking to you MicVash and Phred! ) *sweet*"], [1, "I want that set so badly. I went to a LEGO store last weekend and they only had the fire and police ones. :'-( I want it for the metal detector. Serious whackin' instrument >:-) ."], [1, "Nice review, short but good. X-D Exobuilder, on Mar 23 2008, 02:59 AM, said: Except it comes with one of those hideous faces! ( That's right, I'm talking to you MicVash and Phred! ) *sweet* Now this just calls for a smackdown, doesn't it? :-D"], [1, 'Exobuilder, on Mar 23 2008, 01:59 AM, said: And I thought the visors were really supposed to be gold. :-| I´ve to say that I really like that they´re a little transparent.... :-$ A fine review, thanks Doctor Sinister! *y*'], [1, 'nice review the set doesnt seem as good as the crystal hawk and there colouring mistake with gun is just well bad and not the kind of thing i expect TLC to do something that stupid Edited by Pencoin, 03 June 2008 - 04:51 PM.'], [-1, "I don't even see why you reviewed this set... it didn't tell us anything that isn't perceivable from the box, being so simple. Though I do appreciate the effort."], [0, 'Pencoin, on Jun 3 2008, 12:50 PM, said: nice review the set doesnt seem as good as the crystal hawk and there colouring mistake with gun is just well bad and not the kind of thing i expect TLC to do something that stupid Colouring mistake? Do tell.'], [0, "As I mentioned elsewhere, I couldn't see a review for this and though it's only small, let's strive for completion! Here's the box: The contents: The parts: Leftover bits: And the set: Not much to it I know, and not much of a review, but there you go...quite a lot of stuff with the copper though. Dr. S."], [1, "Big or small we all love our Legos, and for that I thank you for the review. I would have had liked to see your opinions though, about the price, the playability, or anything else you'd care to share about it and perhaps how it fits with your collection. I've always been hesitant about getting this set because to me I feel like I have it all already, but I'm missing that dog, radar gun and, 50 mph sign :-/"], [-1, "legobear, on Mar 23 2008, 09:05 PM, said: Big or small we all love our Legos, and for that I thank you for the review. I would have had liked to see your opinions though, about the price, the playability, or anything else you'd care to share about it and perhaps how it fits with your collection. I've always been hesitant about getting this set because to me I feel like I have it all already, but I'm missing that dog, radar gun and, 50 mph sign :-/ It's too pricey and the playability only really kicks in with other sets - there's already a speed gun with the recent Police car release so this seems a little redundant, but it goes well (of course) with the very large Tabletown PD. Maybe worth it if you want dogs. Dr. S."], [-1, 'When I went to blue water they have dogs in the pick a brick wall so i have plenty! ;-) yes I think I have everything here thats why i havent baught this, the fireman, or the construction worker, they need to bring out something unique.'], [1, 'A very neat and useful little set, thank you for the nice review. *sweet*'], [0, "Hi! This is my forth pre-old-school review. As promised: a yellow-set ! My 8862 arrived today, survived the washing machine coaster and actually was real fun to build! #1: information: This set contains 664 parts (only! I thought I’d be far more!) and was released in 1989 in the TECHNIC theme. Be sure to visit Technopediaif you want to know more! #2: building instructions: Wow these instructions are used! I'm not used to this after all this sets with unread instruction booklets... The pneumatics page: The last step for the alternate model: #3: the parts: Wow! Look at all those technic beams, gears, pins...! (A few parts are missing in this photo!) #3: building: The left worm gear is for the outriggers, the right one for turning the “rear boom” The three 12L Axles: left one: outriggers, middle one: steering, right one: erm… rear-boom-rotation. The two worm gears in the front part: left one: lifting the bucket, right one: dumping the bucket. The turning-mechanism for the “rear-boom” is finished. Once again a toothed 10L axle. The Boat Weight 2x6x2 is hidden underneath the radiator grill. Okay… many hoses and a nice, comfy seat have been added. Now you can recognize the Backhoes real shape. Only with a little violence it’s possible to lift the bonnet (?) through the Pneumatic Pump. Yeah, outriggers. Same technique that the 8854 uses. The finished “boom / jib / scoop thing” (=BJST) :-| X-D The finished loader bucket. And to end the building process: the same picture from the introduction. (OFF-TOPIC: “It is all part of the miracle of nature! - The circle of life!” #4: functionality: This time, I tried something new! I hope you can spot something - if not: Technopedia! Okay, here we go. #5: random shots: I’ve got way too many pictures this time, so I refer to my brickshelf folder. Until it’s moderated you can follow the multilingual links! eins deux three quattro fem zes sédem osiem #6: final thoughts: Definitely worth buying! As a child I thought it looks hideous - but today I’ve found out it’s totally fun to build and freaking functional. Three things I want to mention though: The BJST can only be slewed (a new word!) if the outriggers are deployed. It is also possible that the BJST will reach the ground (danger of grinding or sticking) even if the outriggers are deployed. The two mechanisms for the loader bucket can actually interlock, and the 14 tooth gears might break / disentangle from the axle. thanks for viewing the pictures, I hope you enjoyed it! Please comment if you want to!"], [1, "Ah, what a very fine classic set.... and all these lovely Technic beams with studs! *wub* Thank you very much for that excellent review, Bernd, and you did a fantastic job with all these great pictures! :'-) *y*"], [1, "Thanks for the review. It looks beautiful. My father was a backhoe driver, so understandably I used to drool over this set in the catalogs. I never did get it though as Lego was so expensive in Australia then; I had around 2000 pieces and I thought I had loads! :-D Anyway, last year I bought 8455, which I love; it works great with a compressor I made too! *sweet* I wish mine had a real cab though... :'-( Do you have 8455 as well? I'd love to see how they compare side by side... It looks bigger than 8455 but I don't own any of the big old chuncky tires so I find it so hard to tell. By the way, I have been reading all of your reviews but I have been a bit busy of late so I haven't had time to comment. I hope you have more planned; any chance of a supercar one?"], [1, 'Another nice review. The slow shutter speed pictures are great. I think that was the only set with 8 distinct functions for a very long time and was only displaced by the 8455 Backhoe in that respect. The turntable on the back doesn\'t turn very well though, as the weight is all distributed on one side. The screw axle prevents it from popping off but there is still a lot of friction in it. I don\'t have mine built anymore but it might be worth trying to put a weight brick or something on it. Quote Do you have 8455 as well? I\'d love to see how they compare side by side... It looks bigger than 8455 but I don\'t own any of the big old chuncky tires so I find it so hard to tell. Yeah, it\'s quite a bit bigger. When everything is fully extended, it becomes something like 26" long. Although the 8455 actually has more/better functionality. Edited by CP5670, 24 March 2008 - 08:15 AM.'], [1, "Thanks for your feedback! I like both, but I would say 8455 is far more than just a studless version! with 10 pneumatic cylinders and 2 pneumatic pumps it's a wonderful set for every pneumatic freak. Unfortunately I don't own the 8455 - YET. ;-) Sinner said: I hope you have more planned; any chance of a supercar one? I foreshadowed a black review a few days ago... guess which one... X-O X-D"], [1, "A great review for a great set! It even had the old technic T-pieces and bevels, which I actually prefer to their modern counterparts. CP5670, on Mar 24 2008, 08:14 AM, said: The turntable on the back doesn't turn very well though, as the weight is all distributed on one side. The screw axle prevents it from popping off but there is still a lot of friction in it. I got mine for £20 in a second hand shop; it said complete, but one of the screw knuts was missing! X-O So it's practically impossible to keep the back arm on with only one |-/ And they're rather rare on BL too |-/"], [0, "yesterday while building, I accidentaly dropped a Axle Nut. Of course I'm working in a total mess and so it tool some time 'til I found it again. there are ~324 axle nuts on bricklink with an Avg Price of $0.89. I didn't know of this Accessory-set: 5110-2... You can buy it for $40.00 8-?"], [-1, 'BerndDasBrot, on Mar 24 2008, 05:08 PM, said: there are ~324 axle nuts on bricklink with an Avg Price of $0.89. But I wants it cheap! *sing* And I would still call 324 quite rare. And I also want to just tack it onto another order. *sad*'], [0, "yeah, I meant they're rare. ;-) but I can imagine that a normal axle with the old half bushes will help. Sometimes these are really strong; if you put 2-3 in a row? EDIT: I just tried it: a normal 10L axle with 2 interlocking old half bushes type 1 on each end. (I chose those who only can be moved very hardly along an axle.) I slewed the BJST / back arm a few times tried the pneumatics parallel to it and it didn't loose. Edited by BerndDasBrot, 24 March 2008 - 06:06 PM."], [1, 'Thanks! *sweet*'], [0, "Quote there are ~324 axle nuts on bricklink with an Avg Price of $0.89. I didn't know of this Accessory-set: 5110-2... You can buy it for $40.00 8-? I was thinking of getting one of those off BL several years ago, back when the price used to be more like $15 or so, but I realized that I hardly ever use the couple that I already have. :-P They came out with the modern turntable the year after this set, which mostly negated the need for these screw axles. I think their only use now is to hold non-Lego objects onto models, like the Technic pen in 8094. I guess you can try to make linear actuators out of them, but they're often too rare and fragile for that."], [0, 'SlyOwl, on Mar 24 2008, 07:53 PM, said: Thanks! *sweet* glad to see that I could help! CP5670 said: I guess you can try to make linear actuators out of them could you explain your thoughts please? You know: my english skills ;-)'], [1, 'BerndDasBrot, on Mar 23 2008, 02:32 PM, said: Hi! This is my forth pre-old-school review. As promised: a yellow-set ! My 8862 arrived today, survived the washing machine coaster and actually was real fun to build! The finished “boom / jib / scoop thing” (=BJST) :-| X-D thanks for viewing the pictures, I hope you enjoyed it! Another great review and a wonderful set of pictures. I like your nomenclature for the BJST. Acronyms always sound nicely scientific; much better than "digger". No one would know you made it up until they found out what it means. I also really like what I will call your "kinetic photos". They convey a sense of motion and show the range of the mechanism without the big file sizes of animations. How long of a shutter speed did you use? The secret to not getting too much friction in the turntable is using extra nuts and jamming them together. You don\'t want to actually clamp the nuts tight across the turntable. You want to jam two nuts tightly together at each end which prevents them from unwinding, but still leave a little free play (gap). This way it will hold the assembly together but not prevent it from moving. Mine moves quite easily. This same concept is used on the pen plotter or 8094. "Slewed"? I think that\'s a word. How about "slewn" or "slain" or "slewifacated"? I think "rotated" is best. *sweet* Eric'], [1, 'WOW thanks for putting up this thread, that reminded me that I own that one too. *sweet* And I loved it as a kid.'], [1, "By the way, don't forget to build the alternate model of 8862. It is a combine (farm equipment) which is just as good as 8274. I liked it so much that I bought two copies of this set so I could display both. My favorite alternate model (not counting Universal Sets) is the 8480 submarine. Maybe it is time for a white set review? *skull* White is pretty rare. For your blue set, I recommend you review 8462. There are only a couple of green sets, and 8479 is the best. And then of course, 8458 is silver!! I think we all know what the best black set is. And according to your photography, you have lots of them! But don't forget 8868. Eric"], [0, "BerndDasBrot, on Mar 24 2008, 05:39 PM, said: could you explain your thoughts please? You know: my english skills ;-) I was thinking you could somehow attach a 16-tooth dark gray gear (the one that spins freely around axles) to the nut, which would make the axle move in and out when the gear turned and convert the gear's rotary motion to linear motion in a fairly compact package. Although there are other ways of doing the same thing that don't use such rare parts, and the 2008 Technic sets will come with pre-built linear actuators anyway."], [0, 'Quote How long of a shutter speed did you use? 15 seconds. Quote By the way, don\'t forget to build the alternate model of 8862. I will review it too and post it in this topic! Quote "Slewed"? I think that\'s a word. How about "slewn" or "slain" or "slewifacated"? I think "rotated" is best. actually I took it from your site! X-D Quote White is pretty rare. unfortunately I don\'t own 8480 but I think 8824 is also a very good (though small) white set! 8462 rocks as a blue set. I just got it a few weeks ago. Let\'s see... 8462 also is one of the last TECHNIC sets I would call Old-school. 8479... okay too, but 8458 is IMHO not. 8868 and the totally mysteriously black set will follow...! Quote I was thinking you could somehow attach a 16-tooth dark gray gear (the one that spins freely around axles) to the nut, which would make the axle move in and out when the gear turned and convert the gear\'s rotary motion to linear motion in a fairly compact package. Did you had something like this in mind? if the toothed 10L axle rotates the axle nuts want to rotate too but they can\'t because of that 2x4 Technic Plate. So they\'ll decide to move along the axle. The 1x6 Bricks on each end make sure that the axle won\'t move in or out. Thanks for your feedback!'], [0, "BerndDasBrot, on Mar 25 2008, 03:46 AM, said: 15 seconds. Wow, that's a long exposure. I would think you would get way too much light and overexpose the image. The aperture must have been tiny. Quote I will review it too and post it in this topic! Cool. I am also planning to write about the combine on Technicopedia. Combine Quote actually I took it from your site! X-D I thought that word sounded familiar! Quote unfortunately I don't own 8480 but I think 8824 is also a very good (though small) white set! 8462 rocks as a blue set. I just got it a few weeks ago. Let's see... 8462 also is one of the last TECHNIC sets I would call Old-school. 8479... okay too, but 8458 is IMHO not. 8868 and the totally mysteriously black set will follow...! You don't own 8480? That is unacceptable. It is imperative that you put a mortgage on your house immediately to get it! *sweet* Yes, 8824 is a good white set. I also see from your room photos that you have the 8839 Supply Ship which has lots of white. This is a really nice set. 8462 is hard to call old school, but at least it uses regular beams. The air tanks are the best part of the set. I wish LEGO had used them more often, especially on the highly pneumatic sets. The tank makes all the difference on 8459. You are right, 8458 is certainly not old school, but it is a great set with wonderful suspension. It is of the same era as the Super Street Sensation with all of the panels for body contouring. 8868 is Technic at its best. There is nothing else like it, especially with the compressor. Quote Did you had something like this in mind if the toothed 10L axle rotates the axle nuts want to rotate too but they can't because of that 2x4 Technic Plate. So they'll decide to move along the axle. The 1x6 Bricks on each end make sure that the axle won't move in or out. Thanks for your feedback! While the assembly you have drawn would work as a linear actuator, I would not recommend it. The torsional stiffness and strength of an axle are proportional to the polar moment of inertia, a section property. Most of the stiffness comes from the outside of the cross shaped axle. But in the threaded axle, you lose all the stiffness of the outer area because it is not continuous. This means you only get stiffness and strength from the small core. I think the threaded axle would bend and break very easily if subjected to much torque. Eric"], [1, "Quote 8462 rocks as a blue set. I just got it a few weeks ago. Let's see... 8462 also is one of the last TECHNIC sets I would call Old-school. 8479... okay too, but 8458 is IMHO not. Yeah, the Tow Truck was the last set that still used mainly studded beams. They made many changes to Technic the following year, with models becoming predominantly studless and making heavy use of the flexible axles/hoses and decorative panels. The Technic logo and box art style was also changed a lot. I really like the overall construction of that set. The model is fairly lightweight but extremely sturdy. It must be one of the strongest large sets they've released. Quote Did you had something like this in mind? That's basically the idea. As Blakbird said though, it wouldn't be very powerful and would put the axle under some stress. The linear actuators they're bringing out this year do the same thing and should work much better."], [0, "Blakbird, on Mar 25 2008, 06:42 PM, said: Wow, that's a long exposure. I would think you would get way too much light and overexpose the image. The aperture must have been tiny. for the aperture I don't know what I've used, but my room was already very darkend as I tool the photos. It was actually serendipity. ;-) Blakbird said: Cool. I am also planning to write about the combine on Technicopedia. I will but I'll need some time. I really shoud do a few things for university (that's also the reason why I succeded in so many other things... :-| ) Blakbird said: You don't own 8480? That is unacceptable. It is imperative that you put a mortgage on your house immediately to get it! NOT AGAIN!!! *sing* (just kidding. my parents will. X-D ) Blakbird said: While the assembly you have drawn would work as a linear actuator, I would not recommend it. The torsional stiffness and strength of an axle are proportional to the polar moment of inertia, a section property. Most of the stiffness comes from the outside of the cross shaped axle. But in the threaded axle, you lose all the stiffness of the outer area because it is not continuous. This means you only get stiffness and strength from the small core. I think the threaded axle would bend and break very easily if subjected to much torque. The toothed 10L axle doesn't look very robust, you're right. On brickshelf I once saw another version using a worm gear and a halfbush being moved along another axle. Edited by BerndDasBrot, 28 March 2008 - 05:12 PM."], [0, "I'm very sorry for that doublepost... I made a picture for you, sinner, but forgot to upload it: Your dad, Patrick Parrot, driving a giant backhoe. Sadly his second job as Photojournalist and the fact that Bianca Lamb was strolling by, distracted him. as a consequence he spoiled the whole construction site bringing death and doom with a Technic Backhoe to Fabuland. And a little Walrus baby. *y* :-P"], [1, 'Thanks for another classic review! Man, I wish I had this set. The shovels should have been black though.'], [1, "A great review. I only have new sets, so looking at old ones like this is great. I would suggest multiple pictures blended together afterwards, instead of the long exposure pictures. BerndDasBrot, on Mar 23 2008, 11:32 PM, said: Now you can recognize the Backhoes real shape. Only with a little violence it’s possible to lift the bonnet (?) through the Pneumatic Pump. Aren't you supposed to fit the bonnet over the pump, and then attach it to the main frame ? Front"], [0, "@ black shovel: I just tried a black shovel but I can't / don't want to determine which looks better. Front, on Mar 30 2008, 11:40 PM, said: A great review. I only have new sets, so looking at old ones like this is great. I would suggest multiple pictures"], [1, 'Some time ago I sort of complained about the fact that there was not much Technic represented in the Eurobricks community (this was the topic, if someone is interested). I am glad to see someone took that complaint serious and started reviewing technic sets on large scale to show us how fascinating the theme really is! This review is once again an excellent one, I really enjoyed reading it. I must buy this set sometime soon because I always liked the three-way pneumatic system it came with and the overall look of the machine. For many years it seemed out of reach, much to expensive and hard to come by as a kid. Now as an adult there are many ways to acquire this wonderful set. Keep on reviewing! *y*'], [1, 'This is a review of Speed Racer set 8159 Raxer X Vs Taejo. This is my second review and the first review of this paticular set and the only one on EuroBricks... at the moment X-D So without further ado I present to you my review... (I like that saying so much I decided to use it again in this review, it\'s originally from my review of 8158, which can be seen here.) Note: Sorry that this review got delayed, but there was a hostile takeover of the computer, X-O don\'t worry everythings fine now. X-D Set: 8159 Racer X Vs Taejo Theme: Speed Racer Price: $19.99US Pieces: 237 Minifigs: 2 Note 2: I did not take photos of just the new pieces this time because they\'re the same "new" pieces as in 8158, just in diff. colors. If you want to see a picture of them click here. First off pictures of the Box, Instructions, DSS, and Minifigs: Not quite as many stickers as set 8158, but there still are quite a few. Can you guess which ones which? :-D Yes, Taejo\'s hair really is Red and Black, for Racer X\'s head TLG just reused the baddie\'s head from 7620. |-/ Now onto the build: First Racer X\'s X Racer :-D (Thats not it\'s official name.. I think.) :-$ Back end of the car. The cockpit, and yeah there are no seats for Racer X\'s hiny, just a flat 2x2 Dark Bley plate. The cockpit and rearend of the car connect using an S-shaped connector piece. The front part of the car. The fornt and the cockpit are also connected using an S-shaped connector piece. Adding some details including Yellow fenders. The underside of the car, so far. Adding some more detail. Newly added motor vents and smooth details. Adding a front bumper, amongst other things. Side view of the car, so far. "No backseat driving, wait a minute, there\'s no backseat!" The underside with newly added axles. Demonstrating how hubcap piece is put on the car. Now onto Taejo\'s GRR (Glorious Red Racer) :-P Front part of the car. Cockpit, regular seats... check. Cocpit and rearend of the car connected using S-shaped connector piece. Adding some detail. The front part of the car. Front and cockpit connected also using the S-shaped connector piece. Adding some fenders to the car. Underside of the car, so far. Adding some smooth details. Taejos is the only car with an actual hood. Side view of the car, so far. Underside of the car with axels. Now some finished shots of both cars: First Racer X\'s fine Black and Yellow racer Reminds me of an older Ferrari from this angle. Up close and personal. I\'m guessing the 3 holes are exhaust outlets. Racer X rollin\'. Now it\'s time for Taejo\'s Red racer "I could\'ve sworn I ordered some hubcaps!" -guess who... Taejo Racer X admiring Taejo\'s fine red automobile. Up close with \'Big Red\'. Rearend shot of the car. "I challenge you Racer X!" -Taejo Racer X bein\' a complete badass and smokin\' Taejo. >:-) Now for some comparison shots: (The Silver pocket knife is just to hold up Taejo\'s car.) Now a shot of the extra pieces: Now if you combine 8158 with 8159, you get this: "Go, Go, Go!" Now it\'s time for the summary: This set is an excellent buy at $20 dollars, it\'s well designed and has lot\'s of details, it also has very unique minifigs. (Which are always good in a set.) It\'s only downfalls are the lack of acessories for the minifigs and that there are no cool contraptions on the cars, and by "cool" I mean lethal to the other racer(s). Now to the scoring of the set: Price:10/10 Pieces: 8/10 Too many stickers for such a small set. Minifigs: 10/10 Unique and creative. Playability: 9/10 Would have been perfect except for the lack of acessories and cool contraptions on the cars. (But both are easily modified/fixed hence the nine.) Overall: 37/40 A great set! Bonus: Try and count how many times my Silver pocket knife appears and win... the knowledge of knowing how many times the Silver pocket knife appears. :-P :-D This concludes the review, more pictures of either set 8158 or 8159 or both available through request, via PM-ing me. ;-) See ya\' next time folks... of course I don\'t mean that literally X-D ... General Tarful Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 12:05 PM.'], [1, "29 times! Great review, these are some sweet lookin' rides. :-D Very similar to the other set, but still great. *y* Thanks! ~Peace"], [1, "Those are some beautiful cars, thanks so much for the review! *sweet* Of the two, I like Taejo's one best, as red is my colour. >:-) A perfect car for you and the bird to roll round in. :-D I like the windscreen pieces, they're new right?"], [1, "I saw ur pocket knife 20 :-D times yay do i win 8-| mm anyway great reveiw can't wait til these come to my stores. Btw i don't know which one to get so could you reckomend me one? thanks and great reveiw! *y*"], [1, "Great review! I personally do not like the stickers very much. It's great that you show us the cars without stickers. Hehe, it look nice! Was thinking why other characters do not have a visor in front of their helmet"], [0, "whitefang_sg, on Mar 24 2008, 09:52 AM, said: Was thinking why other characters do not have a visor in front of their helmet Yeah, They're supposed to have see-through visors over their eyes like this: Can't wait for Speed Racer Lego! Attached Files Helmet.jpg 21.26K 66 downloads Edited by Ronan Nissen, 24 March 2008 - 10:58 AM."], [1, "iamded, on Mar 24 2008, 02:32 AM, said: 29 times! Great review, these are some sweet lookin' rides. :-D Very similar to the other set, but still great. *y* Thanks! ~Peace Curses! You beat me to it. :'-( Anyhow, I saw it 29 times as well. I'm probably gonna get the truck and the Grand Prix. Racer X was a letdown; I expected a kickass awesome unique head and all I get is Bruce Wayne rubbed in my face again. *sing* (that is me screaming) Anyways, these sets look cooler and cooler! More reviews! I must see more! *y*"], [1, "Wow! Not as cool as the other set but awesome nonetheless...I can see that red car being a sportscar for City. And I hope that Bruce Wayne head does't become of liscened themes that the sunglasses face for City :-|"], [1, "Ronan Nissen, on Mar 24 2008, 06:57 PM, said: Yeah, They're supposed to have see-through visors over their eyes like this: Can't wait for Speed Racer Lego! Haha, thanks for the lovely pic. If LEGO had such helmet, it will be great! :'-)"], [1, "A very good review, thanks GeneralTarful. *y* That´s an interesting set for sure, and especially the red car looks really fine. Air intakes, very nice.... :'-)"], [0, 'speed racer GO! >:-)'], [0, "Thanks for the review General Tarful! I only saw the knife 27 times :'-( I like this set, but I probably won't justify the price, the other set has orange ( *wub*) and THE Mach 5, as well as better fleshie head I reckon. To the Batbrick Cave! >:-)"], [1, "First off I would like to thank you all for your feedback. *sweet* iamded, on Mar 24 2008, 01:32 AM, said: 29 times! Great review, these are some sweet lookin' rides. :-D Very similar to the other set, but still great. *y* Thanks! ~Peace I counted only 28 times. X-D Thanks Iamded, and yes they are very similar. dragonator, on Mar 24 2008, 01:35 AM, said: Those are some beautiful cars, thanks so much for the review! *sweet* Of the two, I like Taejo's one best, as red is my colour. >:-) A perfect car for you and the bird to roll round in. :-D I like the windscreen pieces, they're new right? You're welcome Dragonator, and yes the winshield piece is new. ;-) On another note long live dragons! hollisbrick, on Mar 24 2008, 02:11 AM, said: I saw ur pocket knife 20 :-D times yay do i win 8-| mm anyway great reveiw can't wait til these come to my stores. Btw i don't know which one to get so could you reckomend me one? thanks and great reveiw! *y* Nope. :-P And thanks Hollisbrick. They are both really similar so it really depends on which colors you use more in MOC-ing, or which characters you like more. My personal choice is 8159 as it has cooler minifigs, except for Racer X's recycled head :-|, and the colors are more useful to me. Then again if you're like Batbrick the only thing that matters is if a set has Orange in it. :-P whitefang_sg, on Mar 24 2008, 03:52 AM, said: Great review! I personally do not like the stickers very much. It's great that you show us the cars without stickers. Hehe, it look nice! Was thinking why other characters do not have a visor in front of their helmet Thanks Whitefang_sg, I don't put the stickers on because they can be very valuable latter on down the road. Yeah me too, but in 8159 you get an extra black visor. Ronan Nissen, on Mar 24 2008, 04:57 AM, said: Yeah, They're supposed to have see-through visors over their eyes like this: Can't wait for Speed Racer Lego! When TLG makes a helmet like that, Hell will freeze over, we will finally get a proper open helmet Clone Pilot. trooperdavinfelth, on Mar 24 2008, 06:50 AM, said: Curses! You beat me to it. :'-( Anyhow, I saw it 29 times as well. I'm probably gonna get the truck and the Grand Prix. Racer X was a letdown; I expected a kickass awesome unique head and all I get is Bruce Wayne rubbed in my face again. *sing* (that is me screaming) Anyways, these sets look cooler and cooler! More reviews! I must see more! *y* As I stated above I only counted it 28 times. :-P Yeah at first I wasn't going to get any SR sets but when I saw them in person I could not resist, now I intend on collecting them all. More will come as soon as I get more SR sets... darthperson8, on Mar 24 2008, 07:33 AM, said: Wow! Not as cool as the other set but awesome nonetheless...I can see that red car being a sportscar for City. And I hope that Bruce Wayne head does't become of liscened themes that the sunglasses face for City :-| Why is it not as cool as 8158? *wacko* Yeah me too. Asuka, on Mar 24 2008, 03:50 PM, said: A very good review, thanks GeneralTarful. *y* That´s an interesting set for sure, and especially the red car looks really fine. Air intakes, very nice.... :'-) You're welcome Asuka, and yeah the red car is fine. Batbrick, on Mar 24 2008, 04:29 PM, said: Thanks for the review General Tarful! I only saw the knife 27 times :'-( I like this set, but I probably won't justify the price, the other set has orange ( *wub*) and THE Mach 5, as well as better fleshie head I reckon. To the Batbrick Cave! >:-) You're welcome Batbrick, and wait untill you see set 8561 it has the Mach 6! X-O Regards, General Tarful"], [1, "Again, nice review! LEGO should have used this for their helmets, you can put a (protecting)glasses(don't know the name) in front of it: Offcourse with a little 'M' printed on it."], [0, "GeneralTarful, on Mar 25 2008, 01:43 PM, said: Nope. :-P And thanks Hollisbrick. They are both really similar so it really depends on which colors you use more in MOC-ing, or which characters you like more. My personal choice is 8159 as it has cooler minifigs, except for Racer X's recycled head :-|, and the colors are more useful to me. Then again if you're like Batbrick the only thing that matters is if a set has Orange in it. :-P Regards, General Tarful Thanks *y* probably will get this set although the orange..oh the orange peices 8-? haha anyway once again thanks for the reveiw, and meditate on the decision i will *yoda* X-D"], [1, 'Nice! It is probably the only Speed Racers set I will buy - and I will buy multiples! Those cars look awesome.'], [0, "Thanks for the review. And for giving me directions :-P I think the design of these two cars looks to be better than in the other set. The drivers are positioned lower compared to the windscreen and the design of the front on th red car is really nice. I'm missing details of motors and cars this big could use a working steering mechanism."], [0, "Thanks for the review, mate. I may get this as well, so I can get Racer X. Axctually, I see what TLC's done here, splitting up the two more well-known characters, Speed and Racer X, so you have to get both sets. Matn, on Mar 25 2008, 08:09 AM, said: LEGO should have used this for their helmets, you can put a (protecting)glasses(don't know the name) in front of it: Visor? I'd have to agree with you with regards the helmet. I would've preferred this, especially for Speed. Interestingly, my pocket knife is the same as that one. I didn't count its appearances though."], [1, "Speaking of pocket knives, I just got Speed Racer and Snake Oiler at K-Mart and might mod the helmet so it actually looks like the cartoon. The problem is - I don't want to shell out two bucks for a clear visor! >:-( By the way, I know trans-clear visors are non-production, but where did they come from? a pick-a-brick? if so, what store? Well at least if I do go through getting the elusive clear visor, it's not as bad as the insane $25+ red vader helmet! This set is great. I would have gotten this along with the one I purchased, but I didn't have enough dough with me to get both."], [1, 'Crap, now I want these sets!! Great review!'], [1, "Very good review! These sets are a lot better than I expected, and for $20, I might have to pick up both! My family and I are going to Orlando this summer, hopefully I'll pick these and some other sets up at the Lego Store in Downtown Disney. :-D"], [1, 'As promised, and with only a single day of delay is my review of the 2008 set: 4994 Creator Fierce Creatures. This small set is the same size and price range as last year\'s 4939 Cool Cars reviewed by prateek and dillthepill. The box General info You get 193 pieces (vs 206 for Cool Cars) which is quite a lot, but most of them are small. There are a lot of hinges and some good slopes and wings. The building instructions contains three models, but no further ideas for inspiration. Primary model: Spider The first model is a big spider which shares some similarities to the secondary model of 4895 Power in the design. The legs each have 3 joints, where the ones in the middle have "stud joints" to be moved sideways while the rest use hinges for all joints. There are 8 of them and it does get a little tedious with all the repetitive building in this relatively small model. I like the design of the face with a lot of eyes and a big and ugly mouth, but the real gem is the X-pattern on the opisthosoma made using double/inverted slopes. It is poseable and I think it looks more "fierce" when inverted. Secondary model: Snake The face of the snake is nicely detailed with a splitting tongue and a mouth than can move a little. There is a problem with the construction. It uses stacked hinges for some of the joints, which are hard to pull apart without stressing the pieces. Tertiary model: Fly I\'m not completely sure what this insect is. I will say it\'s a fly, although the tail and head are too pointy. This is a neat little thing. Conclusion Primary model: 8 It is a good design, but lacks some sturdiness in the legs. They fall off a little too easily. Secondary models: 6 They are pretty good when you look at the bricks that are available, but they don\'t wow you in any way and they suffer from the same issues as the primary model regarding sturdiness. Alternate models: 3 It is hard to come up with alternate models with so many small pieces and plates that are only 1 stud wide. The colors might make you want to build a Spyrius space ship. Playability: 8 The models have many movable joints and you can put quite a scare into your minifigs when their town gets attacked by these creatures... unless some EN forces are there to protect them. Price: 6 Creator sets are known for their great price to bricks ratio, but this set doesn\'t quite measure up to sets like Cool Cars. Pieces: 7 The pieces aren\'t great by themselves, but who doesn\'t need a fist full of hinges, slopes and basic plates in standard colors? I don\'t think this is a must-have set like the big rig was last year. The pieces are great and it has a nice primary model, but the set lacks a bit when it comes to the usual strong Creator qualities like alternate models and price. (Brickshelf gallery) Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:30 PM. Indexed'], [1, "Thanks for this review, it's a nice set with some cool pieces and nice techniques, I like the way the roof pieces are used to make the spiders back, for instance Lasse D, on Mar 26 2008, 09:48 PM, said: Alternate models: 3 It is hard to come up with alternate models with so many small pieces and plates that are only 1 stud wide. The colors might make you want to build a Spyrius space ship. Ouch! That's not a good thing, let's refrain from that.... ;-)"], [1, 'A fine review of a fine set, thanks Lasse D! *y*'], [1, 'Thank you for your detailed review, Lasse D! *y* The only problem about this set is, that most of the people here will regard this as a pure parts pack. X-D Oooh - I just found out about the red "teeth" - cool. I want that! *wub*'], [1, 'Enchanted Island 6278 Pictorial Review Original price: $66 Pieces: 412 Figures: 7 This 1994 set marked the beginning of a new era for Lego Pirates - it became a theme more centralised around playability and not so much grand ol\' ships. 6278 Enchanted Island was the flagship set of the Islanders subtheme, heavily based around Polynesian and Native American concepts (In fact, TLC was successfully sued by a number of tribes for using bastardised Maori names, such as Kahuka). It was released as a Legend set in 2001, but due to poor sales was discontinued again. The largest of the Islander sets, Enchanted Island is a portion of an island with a river running through. The left hand side features some sturdy buildings built into a tree-like structure on a rocky outcrop, whilst the left hand side features a tower built out of "wooden" posts and a large tribal statue. The box cover shows all the details; it does, however, differ from the instructions\' finished product in that it has been more aesthetically arranged - bushes e.t.c. have been moved to fill in gaps and to not obscure other things. The sides of the box show nothing particularly special, although in one scene it depicts the Islander Canoe chasing the Pirate boat with the treasure; just one way to play with the set. The back of the box, however, is superb, featuring a large number of alternative models: a toothy statue, a Pirate tree (think Wolfpack) with an Islander base, Kahuka\'s throne, a fire-breathing statue and a souped-up boat for the pirates. These, and many more, can be easily made because of the large diversity of pieces. The set has a huge number of minifigures for its size, the third highest number in the Pirate range (The SES and the BSB being first and second, respectively) - a whopping 7! 5 Islanders, including the all-too-common King Kahuka, the elusive Islander babe and 3 standard warriors - this set alone will never leave you short of enemies! 2 pirates, Ironhook in his standard attire with a scurvy dog at his side attack the island, although they are only moderately armed - 2 cutlasses and a pistol between them; a musket would\'ve been nice. The Islanders, on the other hand, have 4 shields, a bow and quiver and 6 spears, not to mention the big pokey thing with horns on top (Weapon? Idol? Staff?). A monkey, parrot and crocodile provide the obvious creature features, with a fair amount of gold to finish off. In the instructions, the goblet does not have the lid, although it does on the box; it\'s a nice touch anyway - adding a little more diversity to the monotonous treasure stashes. The pirates\' boat is a nice 2 sail vessel, with oars for when the wind stops and a treasure map. The sails are similar to those in Lagoon Lockup, but with an extra front sail. It\'s an awesome little boat, better for raids than a rowing boat, but not too big that it can\'t sail up rivers. It can comfortably fit 2 men and, at a squeeze, 5. The sails are expensive if you buy them seperately; normally this won\'t be a problem, but they can cost aroun $5 each. The Islanders\' boat is a canoe with a sail and an outrigger to stabilise it. The sail is beautifully done, with 2 spars taughtening it. There is a clip for the rower to leave his weapon when at se and the mast can turn to get as much wind as possible. It\'s quite a top-heavy boat, but it doesn\'t look hideous and without the mast/sail it looks great. 3 Islanders can fit in it, and more if they sit on the outrigger. The markings on the canoe are stickers, but they look fine and are probably more robust than markings for their job. Furthermore, they\'re waterproof! *sing* Kahuka\'s throne can be carried by 2 loyal subjects... ...Or strapped to his pet crocodile! The clips on the side can be used to rest his weaponry, or hold spears for battle. The throne looks nice, although I\'m not too sure about the blue against the red - I\'d have prefered white as it would clash less... An overview of the island; it is built in 2 halves - left then right and then joined together loosley, so it can be seperated for transporting. Around the back to the left and right, there are large open spaces that are great for battles - this set isn\'t so much about a large solid build, but creating a "village" - smaller structures linked by bridges. And the back... To the far left is a platform built onto the rock, with access from the river via a ladder. There\'s the standard Islander drum with the lovely zebra-skin part (Where did they get that?!). I\'ve never understood the white flag - I was under the impression it was used for surrender... Further along the rocky bank, there are some hinged palm leaves that swing upwards to reveal... ...The treasure! It\'s an OK hiding place; not the best place to hide it, right where the pirates sail past, but it feels fabulous; it fits right in. Above it on the rocky bank is the main structure. It looks very disjointed when you build it (bricks all over the place), but once it\'s done it looks nice and rural, with leaves everywhere and the "balcony" where Kahuka is standing. You get a nice roof made from 2 large palm leaves tilting down. Around the back there\'s a slight shelter, a table for picnics and a ladder to access the upstairs. I was rather annoyed that it is so open, but the set is designed from just one perspective... To the left is the bridge to the other building... A nice, one piece bridge made of the softer plastic used for muskets and the post-1991 cutlasses. It looks good, but be warned! It tilts when you pull a pin, sending the pirates flying! This contraption is a good idea, but it is very stiff and so doesn\'t swing, even when burdened by a minifigure - you\'ll want to modify this bit if you get it. The other building looks like it is made out of posts and beams. They are all red; brown would have been better, but it would have added too many colours to the range, just like the use of black for trees in some forestmen sets. There are 3 clips for spare weapons; only 2 of these will ever be used when all the Islanders are armed, but it gives the pirates scope once they\'ve been disarmed...There\'s another nice palm tree roof on top. 2 ladders give access...there\'s a total of 4 in this set - worth getting, eh? Although they\'re 5p on Bricklink, for a KABOB, they\'re like gold! At the top there\'s another hidey hole; the palm leaves lift up on hinges to show the treasure or hiding Islander. It can be seen from behind, but this set is designed from one perspective only. Nice cattlehorns too...alongside the slats you can see in the floor - 5 years later and it would\'ve been a solid plate... The big statue is one of the main selling point of this set, alongside the tilting bridge - they\'re the action features shown in every catalogue at the time, but it is not really special, just original. The statue fits in with the theme perfectly - Kahuka\'s mask, his shield and this statue all depict the same deity, which is a nice "collectible" idea. The back is rather plain, except the angled 1x1 bricks - a good touch. I\'m not sure why there\'s a black brick in the back of the head, but this is easily remedied; it could even be done with a brick from this same set, just swapping the two over... Aside from the head turning, the back can open to store sacred objects, or, in my opinion, prisoners, hence the gaps for breathing. Either way, it\'s a lovely piece of architecture and deservedly a flagship element of the set. There\'s your standard cooking pot floating around, although a 1x1 yellow stud as human flesh (remember, minifigs are yellow, no matter what the licensed themes say!) is a superb finish. This set is a stunning set for both kids and AFOLs who are just getting back into Lego/Pirates - it is a great army builder and, due to its release as a Legend, is extremely cheap on eBay - you should be able to pick one up for £18, or £15 if you\'re lucky. For that you get a lifetime\'s supply of Islanders, 4 ladders, some wall panels, 2 baseplates (one raised and both with rivers and printed vegetation around the edge), a ton of weapons, a fair quantity of standard bricks, but most of all, a heap of vegetation: This is an easy to buy set, with normally around 5 on eBay at any time, and is well worth it, for the parts, the play and the nostalgia! It can be easily modified; when used in conjunction with any other outpost, a much larger fortress can be made, especially if more rope bridges are used. if you pick 2 of this fine set off eBay (It\'ll still be less than the original price!), a huge complex can be constructed, giving you an instantaneous village for around £35. Other Information Lugnet rating: 79/100 Brickset rating: 4.3/5 Bricklink price: New - $100 Used - $54 Edited by Phred, 05 April 2015 - 08:04 PM.'], [1, 'thank you for review very good army builder i see'], [1, "Excellent review! *y* Getting a better chance to look at this set actually makes me interested in it. I was in my dark ages throughout the Islander days, though I have built up a small force of them (10?) from eBay buys, but no actual sets. If this is really as reasonable as you say there, I may just have to pick one up soon. Oddly, I do own the baseplates to this set, having also picked them up in a lot on eBay, so I might be able to recreate it manually, but I think I'd rather pick one up whole. It looks like a great mix of parts and makes a decent looking display piece. Thanks again for the fine review! *y*"], [1, "Thanks for a lovely review! I only recently bought this set off Ebay (pretty good deal: MISB for 30 euro's!) and I enjoyed putting it together and mixing it with the other Piratesets. When you put two sets of two baseplates together you'll get a large pond with an island in the center, just to achieve that I bought two more baseplates off Ebay. The result is this MOC. I always loved the Islanders and have most of the sets, not all of them but that is going to change in the future. *y*"], [1, "Excellent review! I really like this set and so I gave it a 5/5. This set is on my list to get. I especially like the speedy pirate boat, and the also very fast outrigger canoe with a sail. I don't think a small number of these cannibals will make much of an impact on gaming though, even if they get a bonus with spears. Duke"], [1, "A mighty fine review you've created SlyOwl! *y* After some sleep I shall immerse myself more fully within it."], [1, "Nice review ( although I'm pretty sure Eldorado Fortress has 8 minifigs, making this set no 4 in the minifig count.) I gave it a 5. The number of islanders and vegetation pieces comes in very handy for land based scenarios. I've got 3 copies of this set, 1 of them costing me less than 2Euro's from an ebay auction in Scotland. Along with Forbidden Island it's easily one of the most common and affordable pirate sets to be found on he second hand market."], [1, 'A great and informative review with very fine pictures, thanks SlyOwl! *sweet* A wonderful set this is indeed, full of nice details and pretty playable, and a cool subtheme that offers a lot of fantasy and charming characters in a marvelous layout. I really love that little boat with the outrigger, and the neat buildings and sweet landscaping works together very well. TLC got sued for using some names of native sounding origin? Now that sounds really strange to me.... such names´re widely spread within novels, movies and such stuff, I didn´t know that there´s some kind of copyright on them.... 8-|'], [1, 'Good review, mr. SlyOwl! And good pics too! I know it probably deserves better but I only give him a 3. I\'ll be surely the only saying that I don\'t like this set but I remember I had it for christmas when I was a child and it disappointed me very much because I expected it much larger after seeing it in the LEGO catalogs. Well it\'s just a little trauma I had :-P LOL Anyway I must admit it\'s an interesant set, specially because of the large number of mini-figures and accesories it brings with and the two little "ships" Edited by BlueBard, 31 March 2008 - 01:13 AM.'], [1, 'Excellent review of an outstanding set! I love the main image. I want this set so bad!'], [1, 'Yay! Pictures! Thank you for the review. You made me actually consider looking it up on ebay, but I already have so so many things to get on my want list. Drat my easy ability to get sold on something lego!'], [1, "It's a great set and one I have yet to add to my collection despite my large number of Islander extras. Enchanted Island, aside from having so alluring a name was good value for money in that you only needed this one set and you had a good representation of the islanders both in the size of the set and the number of minifigs. The flipping rope bridge and the river give it a great rainforest retreat sort of feeling and one is inclined to think of this set as more inland than directly coastal for me. Whilst the Islanders were never seen in the same light or popularity as Pirates and Imperials they were an obvious and colourful addition that to me added a whole new depth to the Pirate system and one was now able to play a 3 or 4 way war adding a greater political element to the sets. Enchanted Island is probably the 3rd most appealing of the large land bases for me after Port Royal and Eldorado Fortress. Good review and glad to see the set recognised!"], [1, "SlyOwl, you're a legend! Thank you for taking the time to do such a comprehensive review. You've captured Enchanted Island in impeccable detail and anyone who doesn't own this set should know it inside-out by now. I shall write my thoughts on the set itself, directly."], [1, "For some reason I never considered buying this set. But your review changed that. I'll try to get it on eBay. Thanks for your efforts to make this wonderful review for us. It's now added to our index."], [1, "Wow, that is one great review you made Sly! I gave it a four, only thing i don't like is the raised baseplate. It does get you a lot of figs, two ships and some nice assecories, great set!"], [1, 'Great review! I think this set looks great. I really like the islanders and that statue is really nice. It comes with a lot of nice leaves and I like all of the secret compartments and the like. Thanks for the nice review!'], [1, 'Thanks for the review! I am getting very interested in the classic pirates sets, and I wat some now. This seems like it would be a great starter.'], [1, "I was just going into my dark ages when LEGO began the Islander themes, so I've never really cared for them. BUT this review actually made me want this set real bad. I guess this is what reviews are for then - good job on the review"], [1, 'Great review! I recently got this set for only 150 SEK, around $17, and it´s really good!'], [0, "Everytime I saw this at a toy store I always cried to my parents for one, but never got it, I got the smaller islander sets, but the more I see this now, I don't want it, I could buy it, but naahh, I am hoping Lego does an updated version of the islanders with this new pirates line, one can hope right!! XD"], [0, 'Hello Eldiano. Although the review is fine and you have memories related to that set please have in mind that the post you were replying to was in fact some 7 years old. This is what we call "bumping of old topics" and it shouldn\'t be done. You might want to take a look at our FAQ: Posting tips and etiquette Edited by Phred, 06 April 2015 - 03:47 AM. by Phred: Read next post please.'], [1, 'Eldiano, thank you for posting about your desire to have this set. I do own the set, and I do recommend it to others if they somehow find a used one. The bricks are kind of sparse, but the the bricks it does come with are really nice, I love the figs, and the base plates are by far my favorite made by TLG. Captain Braunsfeld, I suggest that you read through the link that covers topic bumping more clearly. I apologize for the confusion Eldiano. I do believe that I have found a way to remove the confusion of posting in old topics soon among the Pirate Staff and to the other members of EB, please stay tuned. Sinner, on 18 July 2010 - 03:16 AM, said: 3. LEGO reviews don\'t date. Thus if you have something relevant to say then feel free to post in a topic, but if it\'s more than a few months old please make sure it\'s good.... and if it\'s been a few years it better be really good! For example, if you liked the review or set and want to say so you probably shouldn\'t. If you\'ve got an answer to a question (such as "Does anyone have pictures of the alternate model?) then by all means post! What you shouldn\'t do is ask questions to the original poster; he/she may not even visit EB any more.'], [1, 'Fortunately I got this set on 2000 (not the released version, the original one). And I said "fortunately" because it\'s a lovely set. How could I rate it, but awesome? A little Islander "army", the islander girl, Ironhook and that cool boat with two sails, the jail-polynesian statue. I must recognize that I have a thing with the Islanders. I know that they are weird, poorly based on the polynesian aborigens, etc. But they are very original, broke with the traditional enemies, and gave to the Pirates theme an exotic and wild look.'], [-1, 'I realized that building the chess set from the new pirates theme, they are two grey heads that reminded me of the king kahuna throne, which goes to say that I am hoping they bring back new sets, I just wish they were bigger. I would love to build the old ones, but I would side more towards the newer model if they ever released them.'], [1, 'What an amazing (old) set! I loved Pirates in my childhood, but that was before the Islander and Spanish stuff... mine were the BSB and soldier fortress with the big baseplate. As I\'m now returning to Pirates, I\'ve tracked down most of the 2009 sets and of course bought the new 2015 sets... but knowing I missed this "middle" period of Islanders vs Pirates makes me a bit sad... those Islanders are soooo "Monkey Island" (those of my age likely feel the same) to my eyes! Oh for a "Lemonhead" minfig... ;) I\'m curious now how much this set sells for, given it was apparently one of very few Lego actually re-released! I recently bought a MISB BSB that was an early 2000\'s re-release, and it was very pricey... but then, I suspect the BSB has a LOT more of a nostalgic following these days than this set! Can anyone give me a rough idea what this set goes for in as-new condition these days? Regardless, a fantastic review with some great photos of the whole set and minifigs... even though this is an old thread, I am glad someone else bumped it recently so I can add my thoughts too. :) One thing I\'ve noticed comparing the newest Pirates sets to the 80\'s ones I had as a kid (and these from the 90\'s) is the move away from baseplates and big "panel" pieces. I actually like that in a lot of ways; whilst I miss baseplates being included as they are a great starting point for creating new things (and make the sets easier to "play" with), visually, I think Lego-designed model sets look better without them.'], [0, "here is a preview of my review of speed racer: Grand Prix Race i will try to get a full review up later today pics (when public) sorry about the blur, i am not a great photographer. also if, there are any pictures you would like (that i haven't included), just ask"], [-1, "Judging from your pictures there seems to be many interesting torsos and new fleshy heads but I don't think this set is for me. Fueling my dismissal of this set is that i saw the trailer for this film at the cinema today and it looked pretty terrible! :-X Thanks for taking your time to review this set though ricecracker! ;-) Edited by casewindu, 29 March 2008 - 10:18 PM."], [1, "No problem Casewindu! i actually like this set for the pieces and torsos (especially Sprittle's)"], [-1, "How comes the monkey stays yellow but not the people... :'-("], [-1, "Joey Lock, on Mar 29 2008, 07:13 PM, said: How comes the monkey stays yellow but not the people... :'-( It's a liscensed theme, so they are tan. Where are these sets coming from? None appeal to me though. Oh, and nice review! Edited by ~VBBN~, 29 March 2008 - 11:43 PM."], [-1, "casewindu, on Mar 30 2008, 08:17 AM, said: Judging from your pictures there seems to be many interesting torsos and new fleshy heads but I don't think this set is for me. Fueling my dismissal of this set is that i saw the trailer for this film at the cinema today and it looked pretty terrible! :-X Thanks for taking your time to review this set though ricecracker! ;-) They are still good sets even though the movie might be crap :-| geez it's not like we buy SWL because the movie is good X-D anyway thanks for myour time rice cracker!"], [1, 'I will most likely get all the speed racer sets as it was one of my favorite movies(the animated one) i just loved the decked up and tricked out cars >:-) great review and red tux = X-D'], [1, "Looks like a great ole set to me. The cars seem abit overly slopey to me though, I'll probably pass on this. But as a note, I especially like the black and yellow car's horizontal wheel covering things. Nice :-$"], [1, 'again, no problem! personally i would have liked a lower price ($96.04 CAD with tax *n* ) also my favourite would be the gray and black car!'], [1, 'Thank you for the pics *y* I want a Trixie impulse set *wub* And otherwise that little boy with his monkey. I like the print on his t shirt.'], [-1, 'doubt ill get this, i used to like the anime but the the film looks cheesy as a cheese sandwhich'], [0, 'Sorry to bump such an old thread, but I´ve just discovered this set is on sale at Amazon.de - for a mere 25 Euros. I am tempted. Not because I like the set or the models, but because of the parts. As most of you might know, I´m especially into Exo-Force. So would you recommend to get this set just for the parts? Are they a good choice to combine with EF-sets? Would anyone of you be interested in obtaining the fleshie-parts of the minifigs from me, as I totally don´t need those?'], [1, "I picked up this set a few weeks ago (along with the smaller sets that come with the Mach 5 and Racer X's car), and I was pleasantly surprised. The commentator's stand is nothing to write home about, but the assortment of figs is great (numerous new face prints in flesh, I believe), and in spite of the large amount of stickers, the three cars are each unique and very well-designed. My only gripe about them is that Cannonball Taylor's car (the black and yellow one) was a missed opportunity, as in the movie it's yellow and purple. I know TLC is dropping purple for the future and had a bunch of problems with it in the past, but it would have made for a great looking car IMO."], [0, 'Well...... Thanks for your posting, but I couldn´t care less about fleshie minifigs or movie-accurate cars - or the cars at all. This set would really ONLY go into my parts bin. Therefore I need to know what parts are in there and if they are "cool" enough to go into an Exo-Force collectors parts bin.'], [0, "An opportunity has come up to buy this set for 100 AUD. Just wondering whether people think it's worth buying? I've heard very little about the speed racer Legos"], [-1, "Such, on 07 July 2011 - 08:50 AM, said: An opportunity has come up to buy this set for 100 AUD. Just wondering whether people think it's worth buying? I've heard very little about the speed racer Legos This comment does not seem a good reason for re-viving a 2 and a half years old topic to me Please, avoid doing so in the future."], [1, 'speed racer is the action film.and he has formula 1 car but he is intersted in art of the race.'], [-1, "johnn34, on 02 March 2012 - 02:56 PM, said: speed racer is the action film.and he has formula 1 car but he is intersted in art of the race. Welcome to EB. I don't know what you're trying to say here but it isn't a good reason to bump this thread either. So don't."], [1, 'Hi! I\'ve promised a lot lately. I\'ll review 8868, 8880, Space Police II, Blacktron II... And I WILL. It\'s just the time that is blocking me. And my university. And the fact that I just picked up 8460 in original box for only EUR 36,50...! *sweet* The other reviews will follow - please bear with me. And this set review is also a gift to this nice fellow who gave me the title! That\'s what I\'m talking about: #1 useless information with high numbers: This set contains 841 parts and was released in 1995 in the TECHNIC / Tech Build / Advanced (sub-) theme. The bricklink price guide displays for “Used” a Qty Avg Price of $125.85 and for “New” a Qty Avg Price of $212.82. I got it for $56,98. Still can’t believe it. :\'-) This set was rereleased two times (8431 in 2002 and 8438 in 2003). #2 the box: Front: Back: Open: The box is higher than other Technic boxes. Why? I don’t know. 8460 doesn’t have any real large parts. Whatever. Inlay: I wonder why TLG doesn’t make inlays anymore… They’re noisy and brake easily but are great for (pre-) sorting. #3 building instructions: I will quote myself from the 8862 review: Quote Wow these instructions are used! I\'m not used to this after all this sets with unread instruction booklets... Triple-wow! ‘nuff said. This is the “first” page. (Fortunately Peeron offers scans!) The last step for the alternate model and a few nice photos showing how the pneumatic pump will be erm- pumped. Yeah. Random page: I forgot the overall thoughts to the instructions: These are Technic instructions as we’re used to them: part count, easy to understand (okay, the string part at the end was too much for me) and the color distinction is okay too. 100 pages long and if I can trust my eyes the pneumatics page can be fold out. (I don’t have this page but I assume it.) #4 the parts: #5 building: An easy and fun build. Okay, this could take some time. My longest building review up to date. The front steering: The rear steering. The axle pin between the rear steering is for the axle which rotates the crane. The two worm screws in the front are for the outriggers (they’re not linked. One for each side.) The small wheel in the back is for the rotation. Adjusting front and rear steering. outriggers are finished. You can notice a 8 tooth gear that will rotate the Technic Turntable. A steering wheel has been added. Could be the same stickers like the alternate 8880 used to have. The steering can be operated with both actinic lights (?) No. We’re far from finished. I’ve got a lot of parts left at this point. Wow. A 4x4 corner plate! Pneumatics and a winch: If you can’t recognize it on the photo: The Technic Beams are the erm- wrong/other side up. The 1x6 Technic Beams on the left side are normal. The axle that will extend the crane: 7 gear racks 1x4 the 1x6 Technic plate will keep the two pneumatic cylinders straight. *sad* 8-| Huh? Did you blink? You missed a special part: The whole rotatable thing will be attached to the Technic turntable using two long Technic pins. The pin on the right side should be in the middle of the three “turntable holes”. On the right side, it’s the first hole. Asymmetric! Why? Because we’ll add a cute cab! #6 functionality: You can find the features in comparison to other Technic cranes here. Technopedia, of course. I made one "sentence" out of it: (please don’t find any mistakes.) :-P “two axle rack and pinion steering, pneumatic luffing and gear driven telescoping via crank for the boom which can slew 360° on turntable driven via gear, crank driven hoist and gear driven outriggers at four corners which snap over center.” #7 random shots: Comparison to 8854: uuuh… once again a depth of field. I tried to make it look authoritarian like 8858 but I failed. Somehow 8460 looks cute. #8 comparison to 8421 Mobile Crane / Crane Truck: I feel that a question concerning this will be asked, so I deal with it right now. First of all: I don’t own 8421 yet. I know. A Technic freak really should own it. Anyway: 8421 has more than twice as much parts as 8460, is motorized, features a V6-engine and a very neat mechanism to extend the crane/boom twice using a braided string with end studs. Try to find out how! Of course 8421 features (far) more than 8460. IMHO 8421 should have been a copy of 8460, a set so successful that it has been rereleased two times, but the designers overshoot the mark. 8421 is a (breathtaking) monster. Compared to it, 8460 looks cute - not pale! #9 final thoughts: I got it on eBay in kind of good condition, for about 50 dollars. I know that it has been worth the money in any point of view. *wub* I didn’t use the word “old-school” for now. I’ll change that: 8460 belongs to the favored few of old-school Technic sets! thanks for reading and viewing the pictures, I hope you enjoyed it! Please comment if you want to!'], [1, 'Ah, thanks sommuch again for that great review! *y* *sweet* Man, I am so happy they made this set. The new one seems too boring. ;-)'], [1, 'Somehow I competely missed your review when you first made it, I saw your pics on brickshelf and wondered about the review... You have managed to review my all time favourite technic set! It was the first large Technic set I was given by my parents, when it first came out in 1995. I played for hours with this set, making minifig seats in it (it was so huge there was room for four minifigs to sit next to eachother in front....) I made various applications for it, a bungee-jump system with a large rubber band, and lots of containers to be lifted. The first changes I made included the inverting of the wheels and the disabling of one of the flashlight-steering wheels because they obstructed eachother. By the way, the nob for your winch is yellow instead of black (I know this set by heart, so watch out :-P ). I always liked those nobs. I do own the 8421 and I can tell you: this 8460 is much, much stronger, it can carry more weight because the boom is lighter then the 8421: they are powered by the same two pistons... You know when you made it right: when the crane is in upright position, fully extended and you release the brake from the winch. Does the hook lower without having to pull it? If it does, you succeeded in constructing the set right. The alternate model was great fun too, the pump is cleverly hidden and the crane folds up great between the cab and the loading platform. You could easily mod it with a pneumatic claw on the crane, a motor to turn it and a compressor. The only flaw was the loading platform which had no floor (only some axles). Thanks so much for reviving my memorie concerning this great set! *y*'], [0, 'I\'m in the same situation as you; I have this set but missed out on the newer 8421. This was a great set for its time but the 8421 definitely looks better to me. I\'ve been trying to find a good deal on it on ebay but it\'s pretty expensive, considering that it only went out of production last year. Quote Inlay: I wonder why TLG doesn’t make inlays anymore… They’re noisy and brake easily but are great for (pre-) sorting. The box designs in general are crappier these days than they used to be 10 years ago. You don\'t see the old "featured parts" trays anymore and the boxes don\'t have the different sections either (these also acted as internal supports for larger boxes, so they were less prone to being crushed). The cardboard material is also quite a bit thinner. I think it\'s a result of TLC\'s overall cost-cutting moves since then. Most people toss the boxes and probably don\'t care, but I keep all of them. There was actually a time when the boxes used to be even stronger. I have an old 8859 set and the outer box is made of a hard, styrofoam material, although they probably stopped using that for environmental reasons. Edited by CP5670, 06 April 2008 - 10:13 PM.'], [1, "A great review, thank you. I do not know these old sets like this one, but it is very cool to see how they were made. I have an un-opened 8421, maybe I should do a small review of that when I get to build it. btw. boxes are expensive, so at a given price point, it's a choise between more bricks or nicer boxes. I have no doubt what most people would chose. Front Edited by Front, 06 April 2008 - 10:21 PM."], [1, "Front, on Apr 6 2008, 05:19 PM, said: btw. boxes are expensive, so at a given price point, it's a choise between more bricks or nicer boxes. I have no doubt what most people would chose. Yeah, it's certainly understandable why they did it, but bad for box hoarders like me. :-P"], [1, 'simonwillems, on Apr 7 2008, 12:01 AM, said: Somehow I competely missed your review when you first made it, I saw your pics on brickshelf and wondered about the review... You have managed to review my all time favourite technic set! yeah, somehow I wonderd why only VBBN (thanks!) responded... But I learned from *yoda*s sig: "Patience !! For a Jedi it is time to eat as well !! Eat, Eat !! Hot !! Good food !!" :-D simonwillems said: It was the first large Technic set I was given by my parents, when it first came out in 1995. I played for hours with this set, making minifig seats in it (it was so huge there was room for four minifigs to sit next to eachother in front....) I made various applications for it, a bungee-jump system with a large rubber band, and lots of containers to be lifted. The first changes I made included the inverting of the wheels and the disabling of one of the flashlight-steering wheels because they obstructed eachother. By the way, the nob for your winch is yellow instead of black (I know this set by heart, so watch out :-P ). I always liked those nobs. and people think you can\'t play / MOC with Technic (at all)...! X-D about the nob: erm yeah. I only found 3 black ones in the box and so I took the yellow one that I got as an extra with 8829. simonwillems said: The alternate model was great fun too, the pump is cleverly hidden and the crane folds up great between the cab and the loading platform. You could easily mod it with a pneumatic claw on the crane, a motor to turn it and a compressor. The only flaw was the loading platform which had no floor (only some axles). another reason for the 8460 as favorite set? It\'s got a "real" alternate model, not just a different erm- crane. simonwillems said: Thanks so much for reviving my memorie concerning this great set! You\'re welcome, I consider this as my job! ;-) CP5670 said: ...but I keep all of them. There was actually a time when the boxes used to be even stronger. I have an old 8859 set and the outer box is made of a hard, styrofoam material, although they probably stopped using that for environmental reasons. That\'s the spirit! I got more than hundred boxes... and my 8848 box came with styrofoam too!'], [1, 'Thanks for the review. *sweet* For it\'s size and parts count this is a remarkably featured set. I don\'t think I\'ve never seen the alternate model before. Personally I prefer 8421 because I think it looks much better and I love the six wheel steering. I also love the three segment boom and the transmission; they fit it all in so neatly. I realise that it has trouble even holding up itself, but ultimately it doesn\'t matter as it\'s not like you are really going to construction work with it. What bothers me more about 8421 is the design change in the boom from chainlinks to strings. I would try to mod mine but all I have is the prototype picture to base it on... and I don\'t have enough links anyway! :-P BerndDasBrot, on Apr 7 2008, 07:29 AM, said: yeah, somehow I wonderd why only VBBN (thanks!) responded... Indeed! I have been very busy the last few months and I kept meaning to reply... At last I managed to find the time to reply today. BerndDasBrot, on Apr 7 2008, 07:29 AM, said: another reason for the 8460 as favorite set? It\'s got a "real" alternate model, not just a different erm- crane. Yes, that really sucks. Somebody (I haven\'t got the time to look :-$) on Brickshelf has made a quite good alternate. Lego have been a bit inconsistant with alternate models lately. The recent tow truck had a good one; I even made both!'], [1, "Great review! While I admit I wasn't into Technic at the time this came out (I was a mere child, give me a break! :-D), I can see now why it was featured so much. From the booklets to display stands at toy stores and at my local LEGO center (when it was still around), this thing was everywhere! With your review, I can now truly appreciate all the details of the set. I got to admit, I can see the appeal now! That comparison shot you took is amazing. I love not only just how it included the little details such as the stabilizers, but also looks incredibly fun to play around with. Great set and an even greater review!"], [0, "thanks guys! @ sinner: i hope you refered to 8285 so my answer will match: 8285 is interesting: main model: american styled truck, alternate model: european styled truck. I don't think TLG produced many european styled truck. EDIT: I just found a wonderful MOC-alternate on brickshelf: 8436 by industrialdesigner. If I got him right, he designed a few offical technic sets for TLG. @ all: promises, promises, promises... hm. and again it's eBay that's blocking me. I want to foreshadow my next review (although it'll take some time to make it): I know, you know. But please act inconspicuous until you'll can act very astonished...! Edited by BerndDasBrot, 09 April 2008 - 03:25 PM."], [0, '[BUMP] Serge9591 made a STUDLESS adaptation (version) of the 8460 Lego Technic Pneumatic Crane Truck for a SeTechnic contest, and posted this YouTube video:'], [0, 'Set ref: 7624 Name: Jungle Duel Number of minifigs: 3 Number of pieces: 78 Price: 11,90€ It’s the smaller set from the last Indy movie, “the kingdom of the crystal skull”. Here we go! A general view of the set: We have a tent, some food ( a chicken leg is always welcome!), a fireplace, the things with all the swords, a bench with a broken table, 3 ants, a map (printed tile) and other accessories. Don’t make that girl hungry or... YYYYAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH! Ho no! Our diner, a giant ant, has gone away! Those giant ants are made in a smooth plastic, in dark red and trans black colour: And here a closer view on the two new hairpieces: The new girl hairpiece is really cute, and I’m a bit disappointed by the new man hairpiece…Those hair lake some volume… But I’m really happy to see that TLC has made some new moulds for hairpieces! It’s the good part of the theatre lines! So, it’s a really interesting set because you’ve got a lot of useful pieces for a city Mocers, with the two new hairpieces without spending a lot of money! Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 11:59 AM. Updated Stats/Title'], [0, 'Funny review Just a question though: did your set come with three cutlasses? Also your food crate seems to be missing... Edited by sir dano, 15 April 2008 - 09:04 PM.'], [1, "alex54, on Apr 15 2008, 08:57 PM, said: Those giant ants are made in a smooth plastic, in dark red and trans black colour: I'm pretty sure those 'ants' are actually spiders. I really wanted an in detail review of this set with opinions as well as pictures- and you provided the goods alex54! I really need another tent (i can later use it for rebel troopers), and I love the selection of minifigs. The new spiders are freakin' awesome. Why didn't Lego make them before This set is a must buy for me (I guess in the UK it will be £8.99) EDIT: Where did you get this set alex54? I really want to know! Edited by The Rancor, 15 April 2008 - 09:13 PM."], [1, "Actually they are ants. Spiders have 8 legs while ants have only 6 like these. The two thing that look like legs in the front are the antennae. Back on topic, I think this set looks great and I can't wait until I can get my hands on it and the other new IJ sets. Edited by Erdbeereis1, 15 April 2008 - 09:26 PM."], [1, "The Rancor, on Apr 15 2008, 10:11 PM, said: I'm pretty sure those 'ants' are actually spiders. I thought they were spiders before, but when I saw them mentioned as ants, I realised that they are definately ants! Being a big ant fan, I recognise that they are not spiders - they look like ants too, and they could be lifesize to some larger species. Yay ants! And new hairpieces! And accessories!"], [1, 'Anger the Woman in charge and thou shall have no dinner. Great review, the sets looks good, and the retunr of the tent is something to be very happy about. And also, those giant camp-attacking ants look really great, they can be use as bugs in a ToD spike and bug room diorama.'], [-1, 'The new Man hair looks like a Wig!'], [1, "Erdbeereis1, on Apr 15 2008, 11:25 PM, said: Actually they are ants. Spiders have 8 legs while ants have only 6 like these. The two thing that look like legs in the front are the antennae. Back on topic, I think this set looks great and I can't wait until I can get my hands on it and the other new IJ sets. They must be ants, but I'm pretty convinced that what you think are the antennae, are the ants mandibles. A neat little set. Front"], [1, 'Thanks for this review alex54, this looks like a great set. I love the new hair molds and faces, plus al those extra pieces are fantastic! Batbrick Away!'], [1, "Can't wait to get this one (ANTS!!!) I don't have a tent either, so that'll be a great pickup. I'm surprised, though, that it includes the gold Exo-Force sword. I didn't expect this to come in any other sets besides the tower. <Faramir-<"], [1, 'Thanks for the review! Must...make...ant...army...'], [0, 'I have no idea why they dont use that female hair piece on Trixie in Speed Racer. It would be PERFECT! Greta Review!'], [1, 'Another great review Alex. Is that the same tent/construction as the tent in 5978, Sphinx Secret Surprise?'], [1, "I'd buy a bunch of these just for the ants to make an ant farm! I also like the bowl cut."], [1, "I love this set! Thanks for the reveiw!!! Probably the only Indy 4 set i'll get.."], [1, "Front, on Apr 16 2008, 10:15 AM, said: They must be ants, but I'm pretty convinced that what you think are the antennae, are the ants mandibles. Or not. There are six legs, 2 antennae, and 2 mandible. And they most definately are ants, to those still in doubt. Thanks for this great review, Alex, this is most definately (well, in my opinion anyway) the best set. Lets face it, in motorcycle chase you really only got 2 bikes and 2 crates as the big parts of the set. In this one, which is the same price, you get those ants, a neat tent (Hurray!), a [b]printed[/i] map, a chicken leg, a Castle sword, EF sword, and Pirates sword, a dagger (now in light bley) and a silver frying pan. This set is packed with useful pieces, I'm definately getting this one. And I for one love Mutt's hair piece. I sense my sig-fig will soon have a new hair style. Thanks again Alex for the sweet review! ~Peace Edited by iamded, 16 April 2008 - 05:07 AM."], [1, "Thanks for the excellent review Alex! This is so far my favorite Crystal skull set (released) the cargo plane is however the best I love the small accessories like turkey leg, banana, golden sword and GIANT ants! Mutt's torso is very nice! I love the leather jacket print Irina is just a another Hottie, but I would like to see her smile Oh and another Indy..........."], [1, "I was already thinking of buying this set, and you've totally convinced me. Thanks for the review, Alex Btw, I think they are ants, having that shape; moreover, we already have spider molds, and they have already been used in Theatre themes (see Spiderman ). LuxorV"], [1, "OK! I think, it''s a no-brainer that this is a must-have for pretty much anyone who likes LEGO! It's cheap and a great minifigs & parts pack! I'll be getting at least 1 of these! Here is what I like about it: 1. Great minifigs with nice torsos, sweet faces, and awesome hair! (Gotta ask 'em where they get it done! ) 2. Golden katana! 3. Chicken leg! YUM! 4. Nice campfire! And this is what I don't like about it: 1. Dark bley knife! Seriously, they could have at least made it silver like the sword, if not chrome! 2. Rehashed tent. 3. Spiders with 6 legs!!! I actually don't really care about the tent and the multi-legged creatures. Those go straight into the sorting boxes. Perhaps I might use the tent someday for a steampunk MOC of some kind, or a stop-motion film, or maybe some kind of contest... Anyway, what's up with that thing that holds the katana, the sword, and the saber? It's in the airplane set too! Is it perhaps one of the treasures of the new movie or is it something Indy takes with him everywhere in this film? 44However, nice pics, nice review! Thanks, dude! Edited by Oky Wan Kenobi, 16 April 2008 - 09:38 AM."], [1, 'Mhm...I really need this set! There are various things I’m interested in: the minifigs (hey, I still have no Indiana Jones figs!), the new hairpieces, a gold katana, a dark bley pirate cutlass (is this the first one?), a dark bley knife (could be useful..), those giant ants, yet another silver broad sword (you never have enough of those).....great parts pack indeed. Shakar'], [1, 'Great review; I will definitely get this, if not only for the hair but the ants, melee weapons, and new faces and torsos!'], [1, 'Great review'], [1, 'nice review indeed thanks for review all these new indianna sets just wondering did your set have a crate as im sure the prims has a crat with a banana in.'], [1, 'I simply that tent! I guess I´ll have to buy three of these just to make a proper expedition MOC somewhen.... A great little set indeed, with marvelous new MF torsos and that new black feminine hairpiece´s also great and very useable for creating some characters related to the sixties and seventies. And finally a pan that´s not black and a knife in grey. That´s very handy indeed, the chrome one always looked a bit too shiny to me.... Thanks for that sweet review, alex!'], [1, 'Thanks for that great review! This is a very interesting set filled with nice parts for customisation. Somemore, the price is not that steep. I will need to get ready for the second wave!'], [1, 'Set ref: 7625 Name: River Chase Number of minifigs: 4 Number of pieces: unknown Price: 22,90€ A general view of the set: We’ve got an amphibious vehicle, a small boat, an observation post and a dark green croco (so beautiful! ). For the figs, we’ve got Indy of course, Marion and two Russian soldiers, nothing special here. In the back of the tree, there is a box, to put some things: The amphibious vehicle is very nice! The proportions are really great (not too big, not too small) and there are a lot of details everywhere, like the propeller: A back view: An inside view: The small boat is a dark grey Zodiac, but the details are nice too, giving it a retro look, in the same way of all the Indy vehicles: The outpost has a net to permit to the bad guys to capture some nice guys and girls… But it seems that the girl Marion is scared of the nice croco! So Indy comes and help her pushing the Technic axle with this round inversed tiles, which push out the net and capture the croco. Now Marion feels happier! And she takes a can of oil and whacks the poor croco, without defences! Who has said Marion is a nice girl? So, I’ve bought this set like an add on to my city. In fact, the elements of this set can easily be integrated in a town layout. I plan to use the outpost for my forest section, and the amphibious vehicle is always a nice touch of originality in a layout. Yes you can use all those military things without creating an army in a layout: just put the violent parts out, and you’ve got nice things, like a biologist car in the case of the amphibious vehicle!'], [1, "Great set, i'll definitely get it. Is there any sign of flesh on the soldiers, like at the collars?"], [1, "Is that a laptop it's on? Does it come with the set? Seriously though, it looks liek it has some good pieces, particularily the soldier's clothing and the crocodile hehe. Hooray for new Indy sets, lets hope the film is as good (it will be)."], [1, "Nice review, I like what I'm seeing in this set. I liked the little comic, Marion should be arrested though"], [1, 'nice little review here alex, i like your idea to make the aquatic car into one for a geologist! I really like the little details in this set such as the little petrol can and the propeller at the back of the car, a must buy in my view! thanks again!'], [1, 'Quote Set ref: 7625 Name: River Chase I swear it is supposed to have Stickers on the Side of the Car, Boat, Oil canister and Windscreen? I like this set, looks Brill!'], [0, 'Joey Lock, on Apr 15 2008, 09:50 PM, said: I swear it is supposed to have Stickers on the Side of the Car, Boat, Oil canister and Windscreen? I expect it does, but alex54 has left them off it, like I do.'], [1, 'Must.....have......'], [1, 'wow, this is a fantastic set, I love the Dark Green croc and other features. Marion is good to have again and I love her new torso, and those commies look great as well. Thanks for the review alex54. Batbrick Away!'], [0, "alex54, on Apr 15 2008, 10:17 PM, said: I plan to use the outpost for my forest section, and the amphibious vehicle is always a nice touch of originality in a layout. Yes you can use all those military things without creating an army in a layout: just put the violent parts out, and you’ve got nice things, like a biologist car in the case of the amphibious vehicle! Or just put it up on blocks next to a trailer and you've got a nice trailer-trash section of town... Steve"], [1, 'Batbrick, on Apr 15 2008, 05:39 PM, said: ...commies look great as well. Haha! Commies This set really looks great. I really see what you were saying about the whole retro thing. Reminds me a bit of a Dino Island set, myself. Except without the dinosaurs. Always without the dinosaurs... This is a must get, does anyone know when these will be released in the US? <Faramir-< Edited by Faramir, 15 April 2008 - 10:50 PM.'], [1, 'What are those bricks with the guns attached supposed to be? Great review and set btw...'], [1, 'My favorite part of this is prob the amphibious vehicle! Looks really neat! Nice to see another (different) torso for Marion...'], [0, "Hmm I'm debating whether I should get this set..Great reveiw btw. I love that dark green croc"], [1, "Sweet review again, Alex! Great pictures, I loved the little comic with the croc. You're quite right here too: alex54, on Apr 16 2008, 09:17 AM, said: Yes you can use all those military things without creating an army in a layout: just put the violent parts out, and you’ve got nice things, like a biologist car in the case of the amphibious vehicle! Without the gun, that vehicle is a nice little amphibious car with a tent (I assume) strapped to it, some tools, a spare tire... The little tree hut is quite cool, and a nice touch with the box in behind there. I love the design for those gasoline cans too. Thanks again, Alex! You're lucky to be getting these sets! ~Peace"], [1, "Thanks for the review! I really like this little-ish set, quite alot of detail, it reminds me of sets from the late 90's More Soviets are always welcome too, and the new torso for Marion is nice, as is the new dark green alligator All of the neat little accesories are great too, a cup, shovel, binoculars and of course the cans of gasoline Again, thanks for the review, alex"], [0, "Shoc, on Apr 15 2008, 10:31 PM, said: Is that a laptop it's on? Does it come with the set? Yes it's a laptop, and it was in the set! When I opened it, I understood why this little box was so heavy! Asus is my official sponsor, so I have to show the logo! I have to add that I don't have put on the stickers..."], [1, "Great review Alex After seeing these pics i'm really looking forward to getting this set, i really like how lego has designed the gas tank that's just so good. Finally a different shade of green for the croc, it's about time and more than welcome. The vehicle looks good and a fun build, though i'm not that fond of that commie tree"], [1, 'Merci Beaucoup for the great review Alex !! Where did you get the sets ? That set is called River Chase This is a great set !! I love the amphibious vehicle with all the darj green part !! I agree with you that the the dark green croc is fantastic !! I\'m also happy to have a dark bley Zodiac and a new Marion Torso. That "tree hut" is a fun feature where the playability doesn\'t screw the design !! I really love the commies !! Its fun how Lego reuses those fleshie heads and I really don\'t mind at all. So its evil for evil since one of the commie has the zazi face I also love the ptrol cans !! ingenious !! I still have rants on that set: * Why oh why another similar Indy !! Arghhh I can\'t stand it !! * Why oh why the same Marion head !! Can\'t wait to have those sets !!'], [1, 'good'], [0, "darthperson8, on Apr 15 2008, 07:12 PM, said: What are those bricks with the guns attached supposed to be? Great review and set btw... Some people have obliquely mentioned this in their responses to the set/review, but to specifically answer your question, it's supposed to be a jerrycan, a.k.a. a gasoline (petrol) container..."], [1, 'A very fine review of a really great set, thanks alex! This set has everything, a croc, very nice MFs, a neat tree trap, a cool zodiac and a marvelous and very detailed amphibious car in a beautiful color scheme. The only thing I´m not colpletely sure is the design of that jerrycan (thanks for the right word and the interesting link, Kingboy ). Although the use of the revolver´s pretty clever indeed and fits well too, it´s still clearly, well, a revolver.... very unusual and interesting for an official TLC design.'], [1, 'Just like 7626 this is a must buy in my opinion. I just the amphibious vehicle,very nice for army building.'], [1, "This set looks good. About the jerry cans, I like how they give me more pistols. This may be the only Indy set I get from this batch. I'll just have to deal with the fleshie heads... (Exchange them for yellow.) Like Stealth Hunter said. This will be good for army building. Silent Help"], [0, 'im glad they change the torso form the prototype'], [1, 'Set ref: 7626 Name: Jungle Cutter Number of minifigs: 4 Number of pieces: unknown Price: 39,99€ A general view of the set: We’ve got 5 giant ants, two Russian soldiers, a General, Indy of course, 3 trees, a small entrance of a cave, and the debroussaillor vehicle (I don’t know the English name of it…). You can’t enter into the cave, because there is a spider web with its spider…Unless… Unless you know how the mechanism works and the spider web go up… And reveals a case with diamonds and accessories. A closer view on the mechanism (which is simple but works well), and you can also see the difference, or maybe the same, size of a spider and a giant ant! And I’ve always thought that those spiders were very big compared to the minifigs! So those ants are really giant! Poor small frog! The three trees with the entrance make a nice jungle layout! Don’t speak too loud, you will wake up the soldier… Don’t worry for him, he will be waken up by the vehicle before being eaten by those giant ants! A front view, making the vehicle really menacing! A back view: Push the red part from the back and there are two parts that fall down from the vehicle. I don’t know why… The movie will clarify this I think… And here you can see how the two big circular blades turn when you push the vehicle… Simple but effective! Run Indy, run! This set is really nice. The playability of the different elements is great, the colour scheme is nice too (I like those dark green tree parts!). The vehicle is really impressive without being too big and its very well details! In general the designers of the Indy sets have made a really nice works, with a lot of efforts in all those details everywhere! I’ve got some project for this set, to integrate it in my city... I’m a city mocer, and not an Indy fan. So I don’t have bought the temple, the bigger set of the series, because it has nothing special for me in term of part selections or in the design, in relation with the town theme, and because my supermarket doesn’t have it yet! So, we are waiting for a member to review it and make the part 4…'], [1, 'I like the creatures in this very much, and it is good to see the vehicle from different angles. Thank you I think I shall buy this.'], [0, 'I CANT WAIT FOR THESE!'], [1, 'Oh, man, thanks for the review! IMO, this looks like the best set in the new Indy line! Do you have any better pics of the Colonel?'], [1, "Excellent review Alex. Thanks for sharing. I can't wait to buy this set once available. I really like the dark green leaf pieces. I like the cave/temple which will look great in my Jungle Diorama. Blending the dark green and light green works well for the vehicle. Overall, a neat little set."], [1, "Great review, thanks for that. I love almost everything about this set. The ants, commies, general (can we please get a shot of his face?), dark green, treads, foliage and other creatures. Great stuff, i'll have to get it on sale though. Batbrick Away!"], [1, 'This is a great set!!!!!! It is probably my favourite Indy so so far! Great reveiw! Although the set is great the price is greater have to get it on sale..'], [1, 'Wow in the protype pics I kept thinking this thing looked lame; a boat on treads with saw blades? But this is definetly something I want now. lots of great plant and animal parts. And looks like plenty of wheels with those treads; its just begging to be made into a propor tank.'], [1, 'This one is my favorite from the bunch. Thanks for the time spent in making a review'], [1, "Great review, thanks a lot for all the pics. I agree that this is probably the nicest set of the Indy 4 wave. So much dark green and I love all the plant pieces. It's been ages since we've had enough pieces in a regular release to build nice forests so it's great to see 11 of the dark green leaves in one set and all the vines! The design of the cutter looks very solid and brick built as well. Giant ants are great looking too."], [1, "A great, detailed review for an excellent set! I love the Jungle Cutter vehicle itself, and all the dark green! It's great to have the trees and cave entrance; you can never have enough extras! The figs are nice too; two Russian soldiers, the cool-looking general (I think his name is Dovchenko or something) and the repeated-but-still-nice Indy with RPG. Thanks again, looks like I'll be picking this up along with Jungle Duel. (By the way, I think this set is called Jungle Cutter)."], [0, "Wow those trees look so weak compared to those enormous blades. Anyway, a high-possibility-and-appeal-to-us-compulsive-LEGO-shoppers set, so, I'll try to get it, which means I'll obsesively look until i find. Deforestation of puny trees, ON!"], [0, "Thanks for this fantastic review, Alex! Those trees are a neat add on to any jungle, as is that sweet cave. But the main part of this set, the Jungle Cutter, man, that is wicked! Packed with that awesome dark green and with those wonderful treads, not to mention the smoothly spinning buzz saws. However, this set's a tad overpriced in my opinion, and looking through the instructions they have that crazy colour syndrome again, using blue, yellow and red parts in the internal build. Still, thanks for this sweet review with neat pics! *thumbup* ~Peace"], [1, "Thanks for the review alex I agree that this is the best set of KotCS sets (although the airplane comes quite close..). Although I'm not too fond of the trees, the cave is good, and the jungle cutter is brilliant. Plenty of great features, and very detailed, with much of the engine showing and a decent cockpit (if that's the right word..). The general and the two Soviets are great too (could we have a close-up pic of them please? ), good to see that neither torso has exposed fleshy skin like the Nazis. As said though, it is quite a pricy set, I was expecting it to be just over the price of Race for the Stolen Treasure. Great set, thanks again, alex!"], [0, "Here some close-up pics of the Russian soldiers and the General : And I know that you have seen that I don't have put the stickers on..."], [1, "Ahhhhh now this swamp vehicle looks great to me, when i first heard lego were making it i was worried that it would be a poor version. However im pleased to see that it's not, even though i'm not a great fan of those treads. The trees don't really add anything to the set which is a shame, still the parts are welcome at least. The entrance is good though it could do with being bigger, but i guess we can moc that. I really like the commie general, he looks like a real bad megablocks"], [1, "Great review again Alex !! Same question (in case you didn't se it in my reply to the other set): where did you get those new sets ?? I really love that set !! Its called Jungle Cutter The trees are really cool and make a great adition to it IMO. That temple entrance or monument is really cool !! Those Bionicle parts do make fantastic vegetation !! I totally forgot about that green frog !! Thats cool , those are so cute !! 5 more ants is great !! The vehicle look really sharp (ah ah ah). 2 more commies yeay !! That officer is really freaky actually !! Could have been a high rank under Pol Pot's regime in the S21... Yeay looks more asian than russian IMO Now its time for my grips: * same bloody rant about Indy !! * I haven't read the instructions before but once again there are so many parts in crap colours that need to be changed Look at all the crap red and yellow in there !! I will need to look for those parts before buying the set like I always do !! Mod while building On !! I am really soimpressed with that Indy line !! I sincerely hope it will have a long and healthy life !!"], [0, "xwingyoda, on Apr 16 2008, 05:37 AM, said: Great review again Alex !! Same question (in case you didn't se it in my reply to the other set): where did you get those new sets ?? I really love that set !! Its called Jungle Cutter The trees are really cool and make a great adition to it IMO. That temple entrance or monument is really cool !! Those Bionicle parts do make fantastic vegetation !! You mean the spiny dk. green things that hang from the holes around the secret entrance? They were in the Indy: Temple Escape. I totally forgot about that green frog !! Thats cool , those are so cute !! 5 more ants is great !! The vehicle look really sharp (ah ah ah). 2 more commies yeay !! That officer is really freaky actually !! Could have been a high rank under Pol Pot's regime in the S21... Yeay looks more asian than russian IMO Yeah, TLC's really cranking out the new molds for both food and wildlife! So let's see... If I get all five sets... I get... 11 Russians! And six are basic soldiers, although two are duplicates and triplicates. Yes, that officer definitely has an Italian look to him; those cheekbones are a little too high. Now its time for my gripes: * same bloody rant about Indy !! * I haven't read the instructions before but once again there are so many parts in crap colours that need to be changed Look at all the crap red and yellow in there !! I will need to look for those parts before buying the set like I always do !! Mod while building On !! Same rant! Any chance we could see the RPG? I am really soimpressed with that Indy line !! I sincerely hope it will have a long and healthy life !! Agreed! Responses to the Yodameister's review of Alex54's review of the Jungle Cutter are in red. Now to my opinion: Great review! More reviews ON!"], [0, "trooperdavinfelth, on Apr 16 2008, 02:30 PM, said: Responses to the Yodameister's review of Alex54's review of the Jungle Cutter are in red. Whats that funky name trooperdavinfelth, on Apr 16 2008, 02:30 PM, said: You mean the spiny dk. green things that hang from the holes around the secret entrance? They were in the Indy: Temple Escape. Yep indeed and I have that set If I remember correctly the first line to use it as vegetation is Aqua Raiders Tiger Shark Attack (7773) trooperdavinfelth, on Apr 16 2008, 02:30 PM, said: Any chance we could see the RPG? Why, its just a flick fire missile in a wrench I'll use my BrickArms RGP which is way better OK so I just finished reviewing the instructions and look at the parts you need to just change the horrendous colours !! Damn its really getting worse and worse"], [0, "xwingyoda, on Apr 16 2008, 08:42 AM, said: Whats that funky name Lol! Just making sure your Yoda-ee awesomeness is known. Yep indeed and I have that set If I remember correctly the first line to use it as vegetation is Aqua Raiders Tiger Shark Attack (7773) A-ha; it was in Aquaraiders! It was also the squid's intestines, or whatever lays inside his baggy head. Why, its just a flick fire missile in a wrench I'll use my BrickArms RGP which is way better Oh yeah, I forgot that. OK so I just finished reviewing the instructions and look at the parts you need to just change the horrendous colours !! Damn its really getting worse and worse Ahh, thanks! I'm definitely changing them; they may be bearers of the Red Star but they don't need red lining inside their vehicles."], [1, 'looks great'], [1, 'What a lovely set! I think I have to put this on my wishlist,just for that beautiful woodcutting tank thingie. 2008 is gonna get expensive for me'], [0, 'the thing and the set is called jungle cutter and the reason the front pops off is because indy blows it up with a bazooka incase you wanted to know. thanks for the nice review'], [1, 'What a marvelous diversity of plant parts, very nice MFs and a cool and detailed harvester. That conventionalized cave with its neat opening feature´s also very well done. Thanks for that fine review of a pretty cool set, alex.'], [1, 'This is the 3rd review, that i had read. It\'s very tempting to fly over and get those sets from there. Because, i may need to wait for some months before it arrived. It seemed we will have a new small little creature to add into the ranks. These "Red Ants" is cute and of course looks nasty too. Haha. I love those trees, foilage and plants very very much. It can be used for my MOC and is good for any "Green" project related expansion. I love it. About the vehicle, i find it abit wierd. It seemed too big in the set-up. Hehe, but still i love this set. Mainly, i will get it for the green parts'], [1, "Here's a review of the second largest set in the Dragon Masters subtheme for castle month, Dark Dragon's Den! Figs: The set comes with 3 Dragon knights, two of which have the dragon wings on their helmets(Sad thing is, one of my knights was missing the left wing on the helmet). There are also the definitive dragon, Wiz the wizard (or Majisto if you prefer)two horses, and a hawk( try to find him in each picture!) The set: there's a large spot under the mountain for the dragon to guard the treasure chest. The chest has 2 red and green 1x1 circles in it. Another gate in the back, along with a door for knights. The right side of the mountain has a ladder and a removable rock face. The left side has some stairs leading up to the top. I love this tree design. simple yet effective. A shot of the top- Hey, what are you doing?!? NO!! Throw him in the dungeon! Overall: This set when first released in 1993 was priced at $43USD, although that might just be because of the Juniorised pieces (6 BURPs!). It's a fun set that provides excellent playability. If you can find it at a $20-$30 price point, pick it up. Overall grade: 8/10 Edited by KimT, 10 August 2008 - 01:33 PM."], [1, 'This is around the time that many consider the decline of castle, in which point I somewhat agree, but admittedly it still looks like a very playable set, and the tree is very well done. Thank you for the review!'], [1, "Thanks every much for the review! I remember having this set, and making really terrible stop-motion movies with it. Very playable. This brings back lot's of fond memories! Thanks! Majisto ON!"], [0, "Ah, the wonderful Dragon Knight (Or was it Dragon Masters?) sets. I personally preferred the Black Knights, but these guys still had some awesome sets! Thanks for this review, this looks like a neat little set, although those modern stairs look a little out of place. That tree design is indeed a neat one, I remember having that in one dark Forestmen set I got. The interior sure is roomy. May I suggest for future review you photograph the set on a cleared table, that way you won't get distracted by the clutter in the background and can focus on the main part of the image, the set. ~Peace"], [1, "This is probably one of my favourite sets and/or one of the sets which I wish I owned..the 90's was probably my favourite castle era! tobad I was to young to buy this set when it came out Man I wish I had one of those dragons, they were one of the best type I reckon although all the dragon's are good thanks for the reveiw Edited by hollisbrick, 16 April 2008 - 07:41 AM."], [1, "Yay, go Dragon Masters! I have to agree with iamded, I do like the Black Knights sets better for their design ( betrayal! ), however, the Dragon Knights are just awesome, 'cause they have dragons! This is a nice set, with some awesome minifigs and a nice overall design. I wish I had it... Go Masters!"], [1, "Agent Rick: You're definately the Dragon Master around these parts. What a great little set. I really like the classic dragon which reminds me of a similar style used for the Lego crocodiles. And the dungeon is pretty slick too. I like the use of the large gates plus the doors. Plus the set contains the blue wizard. Awesome! Great review."], [1, 'Great Classic Dragon Den! I love the old green dragons very much! There were my fave. I love these theme very much after the Black Knights era. This is a very very good set! I wished i can have this too.'], [1, 'A very neat set with charming MFs and a great classic dragon, a good use of BURPs and a really nice tree indeed. Thanks for the review, AgentRick57!'], [1, 'this was the last castle set i got before my dark age.. really liked it although the big rock parts looked really bad ( i am kind of used to them now) unfortunately i lost the little wand.. and i never understood who is "good" and who is "bad" does the wizard own the dragon? well they dont seem to be enemies but isnt the dragon supposed to be evil??'], [0, 'the wizard somehow "controls" the dragons i think, like, for example the wizard of the new castle line does with the undead skeletons. but i think it isn\'t sure that the dragon master\'s wizard is evil. as it is still unclear which factions of the older castle series are "good" or "bad".'], [1, 'phoinix, on 16 April 2008 - 09:06 PM, said: this was the last castle set i got before my dark age.. really liked it although the big rock parts looked really bad ( i am kind of used to them now) unfortunately i lost the little wand.. and i never understood who is "good" and who is "bad" does the wizard own the dragon? well they dont seem to be enemies but isnt the dragon supposed to be evil?? I always liked the BURPs, I don\'t know why. Maybe because they were dark grey and dark grey pieces seemed a bit hard to come by at the time. I always assumed that the dragon was, sort of, the mascot of the Dragon Masters. The wizard was there to keep him under control so he wouldn\'t turn on them. I always figured that the wizard was working with the Dragon Master King, and they were fighting against the Royal Knights (the dudes with the lion faces on their torsos), or whatever they were called. I like this set a lot. I think the castle theme declined after the Dragon Masters and Royal Knights themes were discontinued. The new knights never really took the cake. It\'s funny, but it seems, to me anyways, that when the Lego Minifigs lost their regular smile/smirk faces (whether they were masked by a beard or not), that\'s when Lego began to decline...a bit. The Dragon Masters had their vicious faces and all, but they still had that smile/smirk underneath their rough exteriors. The new knights look a little...less confident.'], [1, 'I own this set and I think its a great for a smaller fortress building. There is a good selection of mini figs, the BURPS do detract somewhat from the set, but they do make it feel as if its in a large cave. The cloth flags that are included are really nice and mine have lasted a long time.'], [1, "The 8291 Dirt Bike comes from a long line of Technic bikes, and I think it's the best ever. It looks great, and it's fun to ride around in the house. I hoped to find a figure the right size for it, but none of mine would fit. Unlike a lot of Technic models, it looks good from all angles. Considering the size of the model it has a complicated way of connecting the engine to the wheel. The rear shocks are just the right stiffness... ...and they have a good amount of travel. I thought these shocks were new. I need to get out more... Functions: Shocks: Two front, one stiffer one in the rear. Drivetrain: 2 piston engine linked to the rear wheel via gears and a chainlink. Steering: Yes it does... Stand: Retractable. For the price, size and subject, what else could be added? 10/10 Parts: Considering that it has three shocks and a 40 chainlinks it's a great set for parts. Some hard to use large parts are included, but they are not overused. The usage of the green does limit part usage somewhat though, and I'll be struggling to find a use for those wheels for anything other than a motorbike. 8/10 Price: At $39.99 AUD for 248 parts it isn't the best value set. The US price is $25.00 which is somewhat better. It does have some more complicated parts however. 7/10 Looks: Lego seems to be moving away from the see-though look for Technic sets and this is a good example of it. I'm not a big fan of fairings but I think they work great in this set as a fuel tank. 8/10 Fudge: This set was great for me as I have never had a Technic bike. However for those that want this for just parts or have other bikes it could be a hard sell. The alternate model (a chopper) is a complete rebuild (which I didn't make), and it's great that Lego have been including these most of the time lately. 7/10 Overall: Recommended. 8/10"], [1, 'I think the green motocross bike looks great. I like the use of fairings on this bike. The only thing I really don\'t like about the Technics bikes in general, is the "clumsy" design of the chaindrive. It sticks way to much out to the side. If they made a really big bike model, it would be more in place with this chain drive. I\'m not sure if it wouldn\'t be possible to design a shaft drive to the rear wheel, ala BMW style. But the green "Kawasaki" look great with the front and rear suspension. I have the Street Bike, 8420, a somewhat larger and more complicated set, and will probably add the motocross bike to my collection soon. It would be great if Lego could make a line of bikes, like they do the Ferrari line. Front'], [0, 'I saw this set at my TRU for only $20.00. Now I might go get it! Thanks sinner for another nice review! Quote hoped to find a figure the right size for it, but none of mine would fit. Well, just sit your booty down and ride it wourself... ... Okay, well, maybe if you have a bionicle lying around or a halo figure.'], [1, 'A very good review, thanks, Sinner. That´s really a pretty cool model, very detailed with useful parts too.... hmm, perhaps that one´s gonna get the first Technic set I´ll buy, beside that 4481 Hailfire Droid.... um, thank you, Sinner....'], [0, 'Thanks for the Great review Sinner I like the Technic bikes I wonder how it would look if you replaced the gear on the back wheel with a smaller one?'], [1, "I have just finished building this set. I was a bit disappointed with the amount of bricks when they were out on my table, but the final model is really nice and totally makes up for that. I like the small details like on the handles and fuel tank and the only real negative thing I can say is that the cog seems a bit oversized in the rear. I don't know if the designer frequents this forum, but I'm sure he will be happy about how much you like it - it took quite some time/prototypes to get to this design: (Sorry about the size of the picture - it isn't mine)"], [0, "Best review of a Lime Green Technic Dirt Bike ever! Really, it is. I just don't understand the allure of the bike very much. Where does the Fabuland fig go? Anyway, very insightful review. Thanks for taking the time and effort to review it for us. I'm not really interested in the set, but wanted to support my buddy since I know how much work you put into these. Now I shall go read the cherry picker one. I look forward to it because there's a walrus in it. Lasse D, on Apr 22 2008, 04:55 PM, said: It must be cold in that room. Nice shirt, but the vertical hold is broken..."], [0, 'Hinckley, on Apr 23 2008, 01:10 AM, said: It must be cold in that room. Nice shirt, but the vertical hold is broken... It\'s a meeting room in Billund :-) The temperature is usually fine there according to my memory. I must say that\'s a nice collection of motocross bikes the employe is displaying. Building technic is such a specialist dicipline, I think it takes a lot of patience to finalize the design of a model, even such a relative simpel one as this "cute" bike. Front'], [0, 'Thanks everyone for your comments! Thanks Lasse D for that picture too. Ickelpete, on Apr 22 2008, 06:09 AM, said: I wonder how it would look if you replaced the gear on the back wheel with a smaller one? I\'ll try to take a photo this weekend. Hinckley, on Apr 23 2008, 08:10 AM, said: Best review of a Lime Green Technic Dirt Bike ever! Really, it is. I just don\'t understand the allure of the bike very much. Where does the Fabuland fig go? I did try to find a figure, any figure, that would fit. My Final Fantasy ones were too small... and the Galidor girl one looked silly as it made he look saddle sore... Hinckley, on Apr 23 2008, 08:10 AM, said: It must be cold in that room. Nice shirt, but the vertical hold is broken... Front, on Apr 23 2008, 08:59 AM, said: I must say that\'s a nice collection of motocross bikes the employe is displaying. Building technic is such a specialist dicipline, I think it takes a lot of patience to finalize the design of a model, even such a relative simpel one as this "cute" bike. Front Indeed it would. I marvel at how they are explained so relatively simply in the instructions. It must take a lot of tweaking to have the model easy to assemble.'], [0, "Sinner, on Apr 23 2008, 10:37 AM, said: I'll try to take a photo this weekend. Well, I took the photo but didn't get around to posting it! Here it is with a smaller gear. I think it looks better... ...the problem is that it's too tight and it doesn't rotate as freely anymore. Adding another link makes it too loose! Thus the set is probably the way it is as it's the gear that fit best."], [0, "How did I manage to miss this review? I must have overlooked it somehow... Thanks for making this one Sinner, it's always nice to see reviews of Technic sets. I'm not so sure whether I like this set, I am not that much into motorbikes, but Lego did a good job on this one. It looks a lot like an upgraded version of one of the first bikes Lego made, namely the 8838 Shock Cycle. I also believe the back gearwheel is somewhat oversized, it looks better with the smaller one you attached. It is good to see that Lego is back to making the Technic sets the way they were (except for the green, that is )"], [0, "simonwillems, on May 17 2008, 06:30 PM, said: How did I manage to miss this review? I must have overlooked it somehow... You must have been ignoring me! It's been in my signature for weeks! simonwillems, on May 17 2008, 06:30 PM, said: It looks a lot like an upgraded version of one of the first bikes Lego made, namely the 8838 Shock Cycle. I also believe the back gearwheel is somewhat oversized, it looks better with the smaller one you attached. Yes, it does seem to be a remake. The Shock Cycle even has a dangly chain like my modded version... As a set I'd prefer the old one due to the four indentical springs."], [0, "Sinner, on May 18 2008, 05:18 AM, said: You must have been ignoring me! It's been in my signature for weeks! This is when shame kicks in..."], [1, "I wasn't very interested in this set at first. It seemed to be just a nice looking truck with a small motor... but when I found out it had a transmission I changed my mind! Here is the transmission. It allows the single motor to be used for two functions. This system has been around for a while, and Lego seem to be using it more and more. The Transmission Driving Ring alone (the red circle) goes for $5-15 USD on BrickLink, and you also need the Catch and Clutch Gear so I have been buying sets that have them instead. I now have enough parts to make a Supercar gearbox. (I bet a new supercar comes out next year now...) This is the gear that rotates the arm. Note the colour of the 24 tooth gear; it seems to be a new gear trend. A lot of work has been put into this truck looking real. Personally I think they went too far as the truck seems to have been designed for a tilting cab, but it's disabled to prevent breaking the front. Bottom of the transmission. The bottom shaft lifts the arm. Note that there are more dark grey gears. The motor fits in very well also. The bottom of the arm. I was surprised by the usage of a 12 Tooth Bevel to link with the 36 Tooth Double Bevel as I had never seen that done before. As you can see there is no room for any drive train. Standard steering for a recent technic truck. There is a hand-of-god at the cab top that links via two Knob Wheels. It looks good from the back. You can also see the white Clutch that connects the transmission to the motor to avoid burnouts. It goes decently high, and can go a bit higher if you use the crane arm. Compared to last years fire truck. (If I didn't buy the fire truck for half price I would have been annoyed that Lego brought out what is almost a motorised version of the same set.) Functions: Cherry Picker Arm: Motorised rotate and lift that links to a motor via a transmission and anti-burnout clutch. Steering: Rack and pinion controlled via a hand-of-god linked by Knob Wheels Doors: Open and close. Good functionality that works well, but I wish they made the cab lift and I'm a bit sick of the lame fairing door trick. 7/10 Parts: Motor, battery box, transmission, clutch, practical wheels, only two fairings, compact turntable... this is a great parts set. 10/10 Price: At $99.99 AUD for 726 parts it's OK value when you consider what you are getting. The US price is $60.00 which is better, but still not great. I bought mine for $80 AUD which was good however, and I suspect that the price is designed for easy sale...8/10 Looks: I'd buy this for the looks alone! 9/10 Fudge: The functions work well and I llked it more than I thought I would. Oddly mine seemed to be missing a Axle Pin with Friction, but since it includes extra parts for the alternate model I didn't mind using one of my spares. On the subject of the alternate model, it is a dump truck which is made out to be a total re-build, but it isn't. It could have easily been done like Super Street Sensation was, but Lego have probably determined that instructions like that confuse people. 8/10 Overall: Recommended. 8/10"], [0, 'Great review! I never have been interested in this set. I am saving my money for a grey technic set or thatt Technic ferrari set...'], [1, 'Thank you for that fine review of a pretty cool and nice set with a very good amount of functionality and, um, playability, for sure.'], [0, "Thanks for the review! I bought this set when it first came out and it is still in the box. It is stuck in my fairly lengthly backlog but after seeing your review, I'll have to put it to the top of the queue."], [-1, 'Great review Sinner I bought this set a few weeks ago personally I prefer the alternative model of the flatbed truck.'], [0, 'Thank you for your detailed review, Sinner! I´m not that much into Technic building because I´m lacking the inspiration to build something different with all those technic elements. So I´ll pass on this one and stay to classic bricks.'], [0, "Thanks for the review! I think I am going to get this set for it's many technic pieces. I could really use those for a rig I'm going to build."], [0, "Looks like an interesting set. I didn't realize the motor controlled two functions through a transmission switch. That's always good to see. I'll probably pass it up though until the price falls a bit. The overall design is a bit too studless for my liking (I think the 8275 bulldozer has a much better balance of studded and studless pieces), and the wheels somehow look too small to me. I also have something of a backlog at the moment; I still need to pick up that bulldozer along with the 8421 mobile crane (on ebay)."], [0, "Wow, it's a smarty set with drive shafts (We are everybody!) and technical junk. The specs and stuff kind of lose me but the walrus looks really cute in the cherry picker! I imagine he's saving a kitten. But really, this is a great review and has a wealth of detail and knowlege for techni-philes! Thanks for providing such a cool resource for EB! I really did enjoy delving in to the world of Technic for a few moments. The walrus rides it ... oh, he's so smart."], [0, "Thanks for reading my review guys! ~VBBN~, on Apr 20 2008, 10:58 PM, said: Great review! I never have been interested in this set. I am saving my money for a grey technic set or thatt Technic ferrari set... If you mean 8145 Ferrari 599 GTB then I recomend it, but I think it is overpriced. Mine was almost half price... and about to fall in the sorting bin! Holodoc, on Apr 21 2008, 04:23 AM, said: I´m not that much into Technic building because I´m lacking the inspiration to build something different with all those technic elements. So I´ll pass on this one and stay to classic bricks. I have enough now to be able to build something... and I really should soon or I'm going to find it hard to justify to my wife buying the other 2008 sets! ImperialScouts, on Apr 21 2008, 12:58 PM, said: Thanks for the review! I think I am going to get this set for it's many technic pieces. I could really use those for a rig I'm going to build. I didn't know you liked Technic. I look forward to seeing this rig. CP5670, on Apr 22 2008, 02:35 AM, said: The overall design is a bit too studless for my liking (I think the 8275 bulldozer has a much better balance of studded and studless pieces), and the wheels somehow look too small to me. I also have something of a backlog at the moment; I still need to pick up that bulldozer along with the 8421 mobile crane (on ebay). I'd buy the Bulldozer or Mobile crane over this set. As I own both already I bought this! I tend to agree with the wheels, but I think it doesn't detract from the model. Hinckley, on Apr 23 2008, 08:14 AM, said: Wow, it's a smarty set with drive shafts (We are everybody!) and technical junk. The specs and stuff kind of lose me but the walrus looks really cute in the cherry picker! I imagine he's saving a kitten. Thanks for your foray into Technic land. I tried to fit him in the cab as well but he kept falling over."], [1, 'Sinner, on Apr 22 2008, 08:49 PM, said: I didn\'t know you liked Technic. I look forward to seeing this rig. Well, it\'s mostly from the "Mindstorms" Robotics side.... Honestly, if I bought this, it would be my first Technic set ever'], [0, 'ImperialScouts, on Apr 23 2008, 11:04 AM, said: Well, it\'s mostly from the "Mindstorms" Robotics side.... Honestly, if I bought this, it would be my first Technic set ever Another illusion shattered! Interestingly, I\'ve never bought a Mindstorms set as I have enough programming to do for work without doing it for fun... I have been tempted though.'], [1, 'Set: 7627 - Indiana Jones - Temple of the Crystal Skull Pieces: 929 Price: $AUD149.99 Out of all the Indy 4 sets, this one seems to cop the most flak - which may account for the fact that the other 3 were reviewed weeks ago and this one has sat, unloved and alone, waiting for someone to turn their eye upon it (or, y\'know, buy it). Luckily I\'m a sucker for spooky old temples, filled with devilish traps and hidden treasures, hissing fountains and overgrown foliage, creepy skeletons and crumbling stonework, so here it is: Indiana Jones 7627, Temple of the Crystal Skull. Part 1: The Figs First off, the figs - 6 humans and 4 skellies (or should that be skullies? ) Indy, Mutt, Irina, and that sneery Russian guy that\'s in the 2 smaller sets. Nothing new here. Aha! What have we here - two natives. I wonder if hair is a sign of power in this culture, since one guy is completely bald and the other one has the most extraordinarily luxurious black mullet. Somehow I doubt the movie will answer this question. Back view - as you can see, the scalp tattoos are also popular in this tribe. Fashion conscious! (Note in the background the paws of the fearsome black jungle panther, ie my cat, curious as to see what the tribe was up to.) Also, don\'t ask me why these guys are carrying axes rather than, say, spears. And what everyone\'s been waiting for, the skullies - three of \'em and a conquistador skellie - very cute. Note the backs of the crystal head have a plume-sized hole - or maybe that\'s just where they injected the blue brain-plastic. Spooky! I love these skulls, I wasn\'t sold from the initial pics but they have a very creepy smile and the head shape is just... weird. With the large eyes, it\'s kind of Homer Simpson-esque. And here we have the token vehicle in the set - a weird little tank thing with treads. Kind of looks like a cross between the amphibious boat and a mini-tank. I\'m sure there\'s a military expert around here who can tell us exactly what it is supposed to be. The treads are nice, but the rest of it is a bit thrown together. You can tell they wanted to keep the dark green colour scheme but the budget only allowed them 5 parts to do so . All in all, a mixed bag with the figs. 4 repeats from the cheaper sets which means we have one new native figure and the crystal skullies. There are heaps of the old-skool skele heads scattered around the sets so those that prefer can replace the skullies with ordinary skellies. Bizarrely, the top of the box which has the line of 1:1 figs pic (you know what I mean) doesn\'t have names for any of the characters, whereas all the smaller sets do. Part 2: Box, Parts Front of box: Back of box: Two instruction books: Parts. This set has come under criticism for being overpriced - myself included - but the official piece count is 900 plus, which is pretty good considering it also contains the baseplate. 6 big bags and 2 of those 12x12 bricks in dark tan. (Note: set does not contain live Black Jungle Panther™) The DSS, helpfully comes pre-scrunched thanks to TLC. Even in a $AUD150 set they can\'t get that right... sigh. The dark tan baseplate. Say what you like, I\'m in love. I know some people don\'t like these, but they were such a staple of Castle/ Pirates for so many years that I don\'t consider them a juniorised piece at all. This one, recycled from the 05 Police HQ and 06 Hospital, is much better in design than the King Leo\'s Castle one as the different heights and asymmetry make it look much more like a natural piece of ground. Perfect for MOCs. And it\'s dark tan - how could anyone not love such a huge slab of dark tan? Note this love doesn\'t extend to applying the stonework stickers which are, frankly, crap. Random instructions page: Part 3: Temple of Doom - or just a doomed temple? The complete set, front view. Isometricish view: Back view: Top view: First impressions? It\'s very dark tan, isn\'t it? And green. And bright green. And dark green. And dark red. And normal tan. And dark bley. And pearl gold! In fact, it\'s a bit of a mish-mash of colours. I\'m of two minds about this. I kind of prefer the palette to be a bit subtler, but I can see that a playset designed for kids isn\'t going to sell bucketloads all tastefully done in shades of tan with lashings of dark-green foliage. There\'s a huge amount of dark red in this set, which is always a welcome colour, but I\'m not convinced it quite works with the 2 shades of tan on offer here. On the plus side, there\'s also a huge amount of dark tan in ordinary 2x2 bricks, tiles, plates and 1x1 and 1x2x3 slopes, which is great for anyone wanting to stock up. Let\'s take a closer look. I\'ll do this roughly in order of the build itself: a) The big scary face. This is a simple, fun build and very effective at projecting menace at the temple entrance. It actually detaches very easily from the temple (as pictured on the box art) to allow easier access to the inside. The eyes are flick-fire missiles, with Scary Face\'s hair conveniently providing ammo refills should you run out. All in all, from me. (b) The Back Spin the skelly head and stone steps appear - we haven\'t seen this feature in a while. Nice to get these pieces in dark bley. A conquistador hides under the stairs - this is a bit useless as the stairs can\'t fully extend while he\'s there . Moving right... a trapdoor - what could possibly be behind it??!!??!!? Answer: not much, really. A little red stair. I really like these 2 stickers though - very intricate. The staircase leads to what I like to think of as the Crystal Skull Transmogrification Chamber. Now, I know nothing about the movie except that it\'s supposed to be have a kind of 50s B-movie plot rumoured to feature (look away, spoiler-haters)..... aliens. These weird, creepy gold chairs look made from the bones of aliens if you ask me, with their strange vertebrae and silver claws. It wouldn\'t surprise me if bringing these aliens back to life was part of the plot of the movie... hence the crystal skull? I guess we\'ll find out May 22. In any case, transforming aliens clearly like a disco whirl as when you pull the handle, the whole of this assembly spins giddily around. A very clever and simple trick - it\'s basically just a wheel under the platform but the effect is great. Also under here is a bottomless pit (stickered)... I would very much expect a villian to be thrown down it at some point. "So, do you come here often?" "I don\'t know who designed this club. These chairs are REALLY uncomfortable." NB. I am really, really over those pearl gold 1x2 roof corner slopes which started popping up in the 2006 Castle range, infected Exo-Force and have now spread here. Can we please have these in a different colour? Or a different pearl gold piece? Pretty please? ( c) Left tower (looking from the front) A small tower with a trans clear gem. (d) Right tower Waterfall with booby trap. I like the sticker, it\'s very cartoony, which fits with the set somehow. When you turn the wheel, flick fire missiles spray out and hit whoever is on the stairs. Both towers have a trap where if you move the skull, another one pops out from the dragon mouth. (e) Central turret thing This thing is kind of annoying and doesn\'t really sit or work well. It\'s kind of like a laser beam sending messages to space, I guess. As the central dome rises, the two plates peel away. I find it is a little bit tight to work smoothly and the two plates doesn\'t really sit well together at the top. Maybe I just need to rebuild it. I\'m sure this will also be explained in the movie. (f) Final trap - the stair that isn\'t there The final trap is at the front - as Indy goes down the staircase, you can push the red heads and all the 1x8 bley bricks come tumbling down. Simple and works well. (g) Alternate view Here\'s how it looks as pictured on the box with the head removed. As you can see, this allows better access to the centre of the temple. As you can see, sadly there is nothing actually interesting there except a staircase to the turret and 2 dark tan slopes which are just stuck there and look a little out of place. I mean, come on, everything else has a splash of dark red and gold! Your Destination: Nowhere! Part 4: In Conclusion So after all those endless pics, what about the set itself? CONS:As a playset, 7627 doesn\'t quite make sense. Admittedly, the traps that are there are well-designed and unobtrusive. On the other hand, there\'s a great big whopping entrance at the front - but I wasn\'t sure if the figs are supposed to sneak in through the backdoor and go up the spiral staircase and past the waterfall (as shown in the box art) or if they were meant to end up in the golden skull room. The middle area doesn\'t really connect with anything, nor does the giant space turret. It may be that some of these questions are answered in the film, but whereas with 7624, 7625 and 7626 I could at least picture a story myself (eg with River Chase is fairly obvious what\'s happening - a chase down a river with a croc and a communist staking them out)!, the Temple set is a little all over the place. The design feels a little off to me - not really bad but not really great either. PROS: On the plus side, the natives and crystal skulls themselves are great. At 900+ pieces, this is also a great parts pack for dark tan, dark red, plant pieces, gold oddments etc. I especially love the baseplate in that shade. I like the overall shape of the temple - a big staircase with secret nooks and crannies. The build is reasonably interesting and there are some clever tricks with the traps. But upon reflection I shouldn\'t have to sell this set - it should be able to sell itself! As I said before, I\'m a huge fan of dark, mysterious old temples so for that I have to give it some love. It reminds me of the big old Adventurers sets and the whiff of nostalgia is itself a powerful intoxicant. However, for the price Lego is selling it in Australia/ Europe/ Canada I couldn\'t recommend it as a must-buy for full price when the smaller sets in this series are themselves so good. Review done - woo! Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 11:59 AM.'], [1, 'svelte_corps, on Apr 30 2008, 10:44 PM, said: And what everyone\'s been waiting for, the skullies - three of \'em and a conquistador skellie - very cute. Note the backs of the crystal head have a plume-sized hole - or maybe that\'s just where they injected the blue brain-plastic. Spooky! I love these skulls, I wasn\'t sold from the initial pics but they have a very creepy smile and the head shape is just... weird. With the large eyes, it\'s kind of Homer Simpson-esque. They reminded me more of the movie "Coneheads", but I think your description is more accurate. Looking forward to the rest of the review!'], [1, 'The figs look great! The natives and the skeleton conquistador are my favorite figures in the set. The set itself is very good. The interior sort of reminds me of an older style lego set for some reason. It could be just me, but it has a classic feel. This will a great set to add to my list! Great review! (So far, anyway. i only saw the back of the box!) Edited by General Zen, 01 May 2008 - 02:17 AM.'], [1, "Thanks, svelte_corps. I was really hoping that the conquistador helmet would end up being silver in the final set, but I suppose it's good to know that the helmet is being porduced again anyway. And is the armour the skellie is wearing pearl gold? Thanks again, I look forward to the rest of the review EDIT: The dark tan baseplate is in fact very nice Although the fact that you have to put stickers on it is a real downer. But I suppose it is good for those who want it plain. Edited by TinyPiesRUs, 01 May 2008 - 02:19 AM."], [0, "TinyPiesRUs, on May 1 2008, 12:18 PM, said: I was really hoping that the conquistador helmet would end up being silver in the final set, but I suppose it's good to know that the helmet is being porduced again anyway. And is the armour the skellie is wearing pearl gold? Hi TinyPiesRUs - I love that helmet too! If only we had plumes again... soon hopefully! The armour is pearl silver, not gold."], [1, "Looks great! I cant't wait until I can get my hands on this and the other new IJ sets. This is turning out to be a really good theme! I'm really liking the crystal skulls and I also think the baseplate looks very nice. Those natives look fantastic in my opinion. Thanks for the great review! Edited by Erdbeereis1, 01 May 2008 - 02:53 AM."], [-1, 'svelte_corps, on May 1 2008, 02:43 PM, said: Hi TinyPiesRUs - I love that helmet too! If only we had plumes again... soon hopefully! The armour is pearl silver, not gold. Oh sorry, my mistake. So is it pearl silver, as opposed to metallic silver? That sure is an odd little vehicle The engine looks nice enough and the rubber treads are always good to have, but other than that, it really just looks thrown together. Thanks again, svelte! Edited by TinyPiesRUs, 01 May 2008 - 02:58 AM.'], [0, 'TinyPiesRUs, on May 1 2008, 12:57 PM, said: Oh sorry, my mistake. So is it pearl silver, as opposed to metallic silver? Definitely pearl EDIT: BTW, the sets are now appearing on Shop at Home! Edited by svelte_corps, 01 May 2008 - 06:03 AM.'], [0, 'Brilliant review, and great pics. Thanks. Hmmmmm I would actually like one of these now, where before I was unsure.'], [-1, "Thanks for the great review, svelte_corps. I've been wanting to see this set in detail since it debuted at the conventions. I have to say that, on the one hand, I agree that the minifigures, the crystal skulls, and the colors are great (I even like the waterfall), but, on the other, I kind of think that the set itself is a disappointment. It looks like they tried to accommodate design and playability needs, but really didn't come through on either. So, as you pointed out, the mid section doesn't really fit in with the other parts, and the trap sequence doesn't really flow, either. But, perhaps your right, and all will be answered in the film. I was surprised at just how empty the temple looked in the photo taken from above. They really should have gone the extra mile and made the temple look more like a temple, and not worry so much about the action features. Eh, but so it goes. But, I, too, am a sucker for tombs and temples, so I won't be able to pass it up. Archaeology on!"], [0, "Damn, you've convinced me to get it now, thanks for the review, tan is my favourite colour in Lego! Batbrick Away!"], [1, "Thanks svelte_corps for the great review, if it's out in Aussie then it should hopefully be reaching NZ soon. I can't wait! This looks like a great set, for me at least. I too am a great fan of spooky old temples, they are such fun. I love the look of the base plate, but the stickers don't look all that great. I wish they printed it like they always used too. I have to get this set. And the other ones too. Thanks again, you have brightened this sad day."], [1, 'Outstanding review! Your efforts have totally convinced me to get this set no matter what! It really looks very great and funz reading that review. I will be looking forward to the new addition of those mini-figs. Just love the layout of this temple. A great addition indeed'], [0, "Thanks for the reveiw it was a enjoyable and good one! I really like this set!!! too bad it's beyond my price range, I guess i'll just get the smaler set. What suprised me is that there is no giant ants I'm guessing you live in Aus.? where did you get this set from???"], [0, 'Great in-depth review!!! Svelte, I love your cat! :) :)'], [1, "I was going to review this on Monday but my camera ran out of batteries! Anyways, great review! As I have the set built, it's a really fantastic set. The waterfall is a reall cool sticker, and the flick fire missiles are quite interesting. Another point of interest: There are seven of the new flick fire missiles overall, if anyone cares."], [0, 'Nice review, and your cat looks exactly like ours! Shame yoda ain\'t around to review anymore, though... *M\'aiq runs off to the nearest tavern to drink* away all thoughts of parson yoda yoda* *"I don\'t know how to get drunk off soda, but it\'s possible!" -Me'], [1, "Nice big set ! Thanks for the review. The skellies seem to me as the only really big plus of the whole lot. I agree on the Homer Simpsons' paternity to them..."], [0, 'Great~!! Your cat is soooooo cute~'], [0, 'Thank you for the nice review. Off-topic: I heard something on Lowlug that Tlc cancelled 2624 (Little set with Indy, Mutt, Irina and tent). Have anybody heard something about that? That would be not so nice.'], [0, "Wout, on May 1 2008, 10:28 AM, said: Thank you for the nice review. Off-topic: I heard something on Lowlug that Tlc cancelled 2624 (Little set with Indy, Mutt, Irina and tent). Have anybody heard something about that? That would be not so nice. Absolute hogwash. I wouldn't trust anyone on a forum I've never heard of. I don't believe they'd cancel it. It's still on S@H, right?"], [1, "svelte_corps, on May 1 2008, 02:44 AM, said: (e) Central turret thing This thing is kind of annoying and doesn't really sit or work well. It's kind of like a laser beam sending messages to space, I guess. As the central dome rises, the two plates peel away. I find it is a little bit tight to work smoothly and the two plates doesn't really sit well together at the top. Maybe I just need to rebuild it. I'm sure this will also be explained in the movie. Great review! Now I'm really truly convinced that I'm gonna buy this set. My faith was a little wobbly, but its benn restored Anyway, I just wanted to point out that the temple's entrance might actually be the turret thing. If you watch the teaser, there are some very similair stone pillars surrounded by sand (there are 4 not 2 though ) and when they close up it looks like all our characters are sucked into the sand and magically appear underground going through some stone plates(which act like steps to go down) that dissapear. So, in theory those steps beneath the turret are actualy the entrance, and I'm asumming from this picture That the steps with 1x8 bricks with the dragon heads at the end lead us of somewhere else. All in all this temple looks like a mixed up version of the real temple, which is fine by me (SIDENOTE: I'm not sure but based on minifig inclusion, either Lego was cheap or Colonel Dovchenko is dead by the time Irina and her goons reach the temple, I'll wait till I see the movie. ) Edited by Belloq, 02 May 2008 - 02:14 AM."], [0, "trooperdavinfelth, on May 1 2008, 05:06 PM, said: Absolute hogwash. I wouldn't trust anyone on a forum I've never heard of. I don't believe they'd cancel it. It's still on S@H, right? Well, The people there are quite trustfull. But I looked now on Shop@home and 7624 (I posted the wrong number, sorry) is only available in Canada and the United states, so I hope it's not an exclusive."], [0, "That's AWESOME!!! I'm going to my local TRU today to see if I can find the two smaller sets."], [-1, "The architecture/aesthetic design looks like a twelve year old's modification of the real set. The parts look good though. Steve"], [1, 'I know that alex54 had already reviewed this set beforehand, but I wanted to give my 2 cents (it is really more like $1.50) on this set I bought from toys \'r\' us on friday (guess what, the price had not been increased by a dollar like all other sets, ). This is my first review of a set ever, don\'t be too mean. 1) Box It captures the potential (I don\'t know how the scene plays out... for now ) action of the scene nicely and is very pleasing, good job TLC . On the back it shows some of the play features of the set and a net little comic. Indiana Jones seems to be surprisingly calm considering that he is about to be captured under a net and attacked by a snake (the thing he fears most). 1a) comic not much to say on this... 1b) screw up At the top of the box, both "Russian Guards" have the same grining face, in the set one has the generic bad guy face from 7620. 2) Contents The box opens up to reveal a quartet of bags, an un-crumpled manual (YAY!), and a sticker sheet (BOO!) 2a) DSS Yoda said every for of rambling imaginable about this accursed item, I have nothing to say. Meh... 3) Minifigs The only thing that has not really been discussed about the figs that you get in this set is that Marion has a slightly new torso. 4) Parts of interest When I opened up the baggies, these were the components that grabbed my attention. A DARK GREEN alligator, a net piece that I Know has appeared in sets before hand ( I needed it for a MOC I am working on), some raft part that is probably very old, a ladder with two pairs of hindges, and a DARK brown version of this part. 4) Build (amphibious vehicle) This I one of the more enjoyable builds of the new line. But that is just my opinion. You start of with some thing very simple... By the end of the next page, it starts to bulk up More detail... Beginning to look like a car... 4a) Build (rear attachment) Bulk it up and add Taillights... Done... Slap it on to the main vehicle... 4b) Build (Front attachment) I am running out of things to say... Bulk it up... Add some detail... Add a gun and headlights... And attach to the rest to get the completed vehicle... Add stickers... I honestly think that the amphibious vehicle looks much better with the stickers than without... 5) Build (boat) This build goes by rather quickly and adds to the playability of the final set. Base... Apply clamps... Add more to engine... Build more detail and a gun base... Finished boat... Plus stickers... I love how Lego slips in the product number into their stickers. 6) Build (tree fort) This is the weakest part of the whole set. But I find my self liking it more and more for some odd and inexplicable reason. That tan 6x6 will most likely see use in a pirate themed vinigete soon (not mine ). Install net-launcher... You spend the next two pages building this... And putting it on... A tree branch that is an ugly mix of brown, dark brown, and frown... (our commie friend seems to like coffee a lot) Second branch... 3rd... (a wee bit to much on the coffee there, don\'t you think?) Final step... The only redeeming value of this section is how well the net launcher works, fantastically. The rest is just utter fail. 7) Spare parts Very little in terms of what is left over... Finished set... All in all, this set is a fine build and an excellent parts pack for dark green components. I recommend this set strongly, despite its few weaknesses.'], [1, 'NIce review! Got this set yesterday and U have to say, that amphibious vehicle rocks!!!'], [0, "Great review, thanks! As i thought, amazon did send out my pre-ordered sets not until yesterday evening, so i should receive them (hopefully) on monday or tuesday. Can't wait for them! Btw., i wonder what's up with all these sticker leftovers in the indy sets..this hasn't been the case in any other set with stickers, right? Edited by metalandi, 03 May 2008 - 01:56 PM."], [0, 'I brought this set a few days ago and agree with everything you say. I would have never noticed that the boat sticker is the set number unless you pointed it out. Glad to see that one set of fuel can stickers was extra, i spent ages looking for a place to put them. cool review btw'], [0, "Nice review! Although you need to use the Macro setting(a.k.a. the Flower setting) for better pics. Are you using a digital camera? You really need Macro... The idea is, turn it on and hold down on the 'take picture' button halfway until the pic focuses. Then press it down all the way to take the pic. I'm glad this one also comes with the new Uzi; I wanted an extra..."], [0, 'A very nice review of a very lovely Indy set indeed, thanks wilhelm screamer. But you need for sure a better lighting for taking your pictures....'], [0, 'Good,thorough review. Some of the pictures were a bit blurry though.'], [1, 'Thank you for the nice, in-depth review! I have to say, Lego did a good job on the amphibious vehicle. P.S.- If you need photo taking help, PM me and I can give you some handy tips.'], [0, "Nice review Wilhelm Screamer! Very thorough. The pictures are a little dark and blurry, though. I made a tutorial here for amateur photography tips. I also edited your first post to include a link to Alex's review. Great job!"], [1, "Very good for a first review! I bought this set and Jungle Duel at Target the other day (I was going to wait and buy them when I go to Downtown Disney this summer, but how could I pass up saving four bucks that I can spend on store-exclusives? ) and I have to say I absolutely love them. The amphibious vehicle (don't they call it a Duck in the movie?) is definitely my favorite LEGO vehicle I've ever built. Everything about it is wonderful- the size, the colour scheme, and it's accurate to the one in the movie. And Irina Spalko's hair is to die for. On a side note, I don't get why they made Marion's arms white in the set. The shirt underneath her vest in the movie is obviously blue. I switched the arms out for light blue ones and it looks a lot better, and it makes Marion's eyes look great. -Ryan"], [1, "An extremely thorough review - you definitely do this set justice. Looks like a fairly interesting set, and that comes from someone who isn't particularly a fan of lego Indiana Jones. Tom"], [1, 'While i truely fell in love one more time with the older lego city sets, i thought, why not make a review of one of the, in my opinion greatest city sets of all time. Let\'s not talk too much, here we go! Set Nr.: 6395 Name: Victory Lap Racetrack Number of minifigs: 13 (!!) Number of pieces: unknown Release Year: 1988 Starting with the beautiful old Legoland box: Front: Back, with some cool alternative models: Inside: We continue with the great minifigs, which are not less than 13! I don\'t think there is any city set with more figures, is there? Civilians: Race Crew & Assistant Personnel: Drivers: All: Here\'s a overview of the whole set: The "Rescue Rig" (don\'t exactly know how to call it) with trailer: The score board & Traffic Lights, which would be one of the details i love the most about this set: The next sweet detail, the Camera + Cameraman! Of course we have a doc, if there is some kind of accident: The pit stop boxes, i love the small tool-holder with the axle and wheel behind it: The control room high above the racetrack: Ready to go?!! That was it all in all,all i can say is, if you see this set anywhere on ebay ore somewhere else, get it!'], [0, "What a fantastic set. I'm overwelmed with feelings of nostalgia by seeing this review. The playability factor of this set is as high as it can be. Thanks for making and sharing this awesome review !"], [1, 'Thanks for this review! You have reviewed my most favourite town set of all times, I am so happy to own this one. I actually is a story to go along with it: In the summer of 1998 I went on holiday with my parents to the country of Luxembourg, in the city of Wiltz we encountered a small toystore which still had this set for sale, (9 years after the release!). I did not had the sufficient amount of money to buy the set and had to leave it at the store, I was practically in tears... Four years later we passed through Luxembourg and I remembered the city and the store. We made a detour and stopped by the same store. Every other old set was sold, the only one remaining was this one! I bought it immediately and treasured it ever since. I use the baseplates a lot in my cities, they serve well as roads with parking spaces next to them. This was the first set I owned which had the huge 6x24 plates in them, I remember my surprise when seeing plates of such enourmous lenght... I recently made an entire racetrack together with this set and to promote myself I will place a link HERE'], [0, 'metalandi Thanks for this wonderful lovely review. I enjoyed myself very much when I am looking through at the lovely pictures. I must admit, this is what I called a "real classic" race prix I miss those cute sweet little race cars which is able to contain a mini-fig. Furthermore, this set offers 4 race cars and 13 mini-figures In addition, if town collectors remember, the car number tiles are printed instead of using stickers. This is the other set I owned, which holds the similarity above. 6381: Motor Speedway Overall, great review! simonwillems, on May 9 2008, 02:20 AM, said: I recently made an entire racetrack together with this set and to promote myself I will place a link HERE I saw your entire racetrack. It looks real exciting and I love your layout, real nice! Edited by WhiteFang, 15 May 2008 - 09:56 AM.'], [0, 'Nice reveiw I would fork out $100 AUD for that set its just so bueatiful if only TLG re-released this'], [0, 'Ahhhh... back in the days when Shell was the racing fuel of choice before that Octan company came to town, bought off the old Shell execs and ran them out of town on a rail... but I digress... I always liked the look of the set, but at the time could not work out where I would be able to fit it into my town...'], [0, 'wow simon you got two? yummy!'], [0, 'Thank you for the nice review Metalandi, And thank you for the nice story and selfpromotion Simon Willems. The racewaytracks were always nice dioramas in the catalogues of the eighties.'], [1, 'I can remember when I saw this set in LEGO catalogues, looking at it, dreamin to have it.... like so many other sets... And this one is still a dream... I really like the design of this set, it looks really complete, with some nice details. There are no lost place. The strairs withe the foot bridge add a lot to it IMO. Looking at the pics, I\'ve got a question : is the "Rescue Rig" trailer one piece or is it brick build?'], [0, 'adik_sa_lego, on May 15 2008, 08:29 PM, said: wow simon you got two? yummy! I\'d be happy if I had two... No, it\'s just one, but extended with the baseplate of 6381 (mentioned above) and some more plates and small fences. alex54, on May 15 2008, 10:20 PM, said: Looking at the pics, I\'ve got a question : is the "Rescue Rig" trailer one piece or is it brick build? It is one piece, not even the wheels come off... This trailer is always ready to go and was only used in a slecect number of sets.'], [0, 'Thank you very much for that fine review of a really classic and wonderful racing set! And I really wish that TLC would continue with showing some great alternative models on the back of the boxes.... just imagine on!'], [-1, 'Hello all, I don\'t believe there has been a review of this set yet, so I wanted to take this opportunity. Up for review today is 8160 Cruncher Block and Racer X as part of Batbrick and iamded reviews: Here is the box, I have to say I love the art on it. It\'s very colourful and makes the truck look a lot less crap than it does on the box. Plus, you have to love the "Missile launching action" bit right, am I right? Why are you all staring at me? And here is the back. Pretty generic, but shows some nice details and so forth. Oh dear! In turning around the box have I killed myself AND iamded!? Okey dokey, up first is the best part of the entire set: the minifigs! Racer X is wonderful, though coming with a boring Bruce Wayne face. But it is Cruncher Block, his lady Driver Taejo that really shine. Look at those awesome suits! The cool faces! Taejo has a ripped shirt! Now up is the first building part of the set, with me and iamded looking rather slick in X\'s car. While I\'m not a big fan of yellow, it is very nice, and slopes in an underused colour is better than no slopes at all: Front view, the new windshields are fantastic: While a very cool car, it is rather silly of TLC to give us the exact same one we got in the smaller set. I didn\'t get the smaller set with this car, so I\'m still happy, but it is a bad marketing move: Sorry iamded, I know it\'s your birthday, but......VROOM! Now for the second part of the build and my favourite, the front of the truck: Annoyingly enough, this part opens up to shoot a pointless rubber projectile: To do this, you open the roof (a nice detail btw) and pull back the mechanism, here: Thus blowing the front part open and launching it.....well, not far really The wheels and covers are pretty cool, and the front is nicely designed, the red looks good and the rear vision mirrors are a great touch. And now for the most disappointing part - step three, the trailer: (Note - Clicky joint piece not part of set, just used to hold it up!) That\'s right, almost the entire thing is open, even the "filled in" side has holes! I\'d certainly be cared to be back there, one bumpy hill and back you go! I didn\'t put the lame computer stickers on, and the control area is pretty lame in general. Not to mention Taejo (who is depicted on the boxart as standing at the desk, would most likely just be sucked out the back at those speeds! There are some pluses too though, like the ridiculously awesome minifig paintings I\'ll be using for Wayne Manor. Also note the "control" on Cruncher\'s desk that when turned, turns the gun at the bottom. It\'s an alright feature: Here is an example, I\'ve shot iamded on his birthday. What? It\'s a love ray! Haven\'t you seen the Care Bears? And though I\'m not a massive fan of stickers, this is just too cool. The little aquarium is very simple but very clever, using a printed piece between two clear windows to create the illusion of a tank: It looks much better in real life, trust me, and here is a side view to better explain: Now, to connect the two is a good thing, I like the way a simple technic piece assumes the job. Oh, and behold my hand! The completed truck, which, while a mixed bag, still doesn\'t look too bad (I guess): Now the completed set, which, despite its unbelievable large flaws, still looks cool. (Warning, the kickass iamded and Batbrick figures do not come with this set): More pics here: http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=3147324 All in all: Minifigs: 5/5 - Racer X is beautiful, Cruncher Block and the Driver too, and Taejo has a ripped shirt, damn! Design: 2/5 - Pretty poor considering the best part is available in a cheaper set, and only the front part of the truck looks cool, but still not truly awful. Build: 3/5 - Despite having a bad trailer, it was a fun build and sometimes you need something that doesn\'t take ages to make. Price: 2/5 - Overpriced easily, but Rogue Shadow is worse! Fun: 3/5 - The mere concept of such an open truck kept me playing with this baby for hours! Total: 15/25, not as bad as it would seem. Overall I\'m really glad I bought it as the minifigs are fantastic and the paintings and fish tank are cool. It\'s fun, stupid and downright ridiculous, but while not a great set by any means, certainly isn\'t as bad in the brick as it looks in photos. Until next time, Batbrick Away! Edited by Batbrick, 13 June 2008 - 12:20 PM.'], [-1, "Awesome review Batbrick! I don't see any appeal at all really in this set, but that's okay, as I want to stick to Castle anyway. The car is the best part IMO, which you can get in a different set with another cool car and for a cheaper price. But the main downfall to this set is the fact that the truck's trailer is half blown up and the survivors are magically staying inside and not being sucked right out of there, as you have mentioned. I would have thought TLC would at least included some sort of cover that you could take on and off easily (kind of like the modular buildings). Having said all that though, the front of the truck does look incredibly cool, and those minifigs are sweet. Too bad they all have flesh tone printed on them. So, while this may not be my set of choice, I can see the appeal... well, really I can't, but it's just my opinion! I'm sure there are plenty others who would love to scoop this set up. ~Peace"], [-1, "I'll be passing on this set, thanks for the review anyway, is everyone supposed to be bald in the film? it looks weird"], [0, 'WARNING! This reply may contain several minor movie spoilers. If you haven\'t yet seen the movie and want it to be a complete surprise, do not read. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: But it is Cruncher Block, his lady Driver Taejo that really shine. Look at those awesome suits! The cool faces! Taejo has a ripped shirt! I was originally skepitcal about the driver figure—I like the head, but I was trying to figure out why they put in a female minifig with no hairpiece. After having seen the movie, I now understand why; Cruncher\'s driver is a fairly manly looking woman, and most of the LEGO hairpeices would make the minifig look too girly for the character. :) Now that I know why Taejo\'s shirt is ripped up I don\'t mind the bits of fleshie color that are printed on it, but I do wish they would make some of the new torsos a little more head-colour agnostic...there\'s no real reason why Cruncher and his driver couldn\'t have had ties that came all the way up to their necks instead of having those little wedges of flesh showing through loose collars. Yeah, they are low-level mafioso type scum, but they aren\'t complete slobs. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: Front view, the new windshields are fantastic: They are indeed very nice, it\'s the main reason I started looking at the Speed Racer sets in the first place. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: While a very cool car, it is rather silly of TLC to give us the exact same one we got in the smaller set. I didn\'t get the smaller set with this car, so I\'m still happy, but it is a bad marketing move: I think the error they made was in the smaller set though. In the movie, the only time we see Cruncher\'s semi is when he\'s being chased by Racer X. Racer X and Taejo do end up on the same team for a cross country rally race (along with Speed of course), so I guess that\'s where they were going by putting those two together in the smaller set, but it would have been much more interesting for them to have made up a set with Taejo and one of the cars from the very goofy, comic book-gimmicky teams they are racing against. Especially since one of the teams (that is chasing Taejo specifically) is a bunch of Army-wannabee loonies—I\'m sure more people would have loved some sort of dark/sand green racer with one of the IJ Soviets at the wheel than another Racer X. To summarize: Two Racer X\'s is bad, but it is the smaller set that should have been changed (imho). Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: Annoyingly enough, this part opens up to shoot a pointless rubber projectile: Thus blowing the front part open and launching it.....well, not far really As much as I normally don\'t like the stupid techic launcher thing, and would rather not see it in a set ever again (although one of these days I will make a giant multi-launcer rig out of them just for fun), at least there is a reason for it to be in this set, as Cruncher\'s semi has a missile launcher in the front end of it in the movie. I think you\'re supposed to lift the panel that hides the missile before launching it, similar to the way that panels slide out of the way on the semi cab to allow for firing in the movie. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: And now for the most disappointing part - step three, the trailer: That\'s right, almost the entire thing is open, even the "filled in" side has holes! I\'d certainly be cared to be back there, one bumpy hill and back you go I\'m gonna chock this up to the standard LEGO philosophy of "playset" rather than "model" design for a lot of things. The semi rig and Raver X\'s car are the models, the trailer is the playset. Seeing as how the trailer is Cruncher\'s mobile office (rather finely appointed with lots of paintings and his pirahna "babies" in their tank behind his desk), and the intent seems more or less to have a playest bit in order for kids to re-enact the scene from the movie, I\'m not going to give them too much grief over this. They tried to capture the basic bits of the movie set (which we see mostly from the inside during the movie) and translate it into a playset type environment. That being said, I do wish the back walls were more solid, as I see no reason for there to be gaps in the back wall when the front wall (or the "fourth wall" as the case may be here) is already conspicously absent. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: There are some pluses too though, like the ridiculously awesome minifig paintings I\'ll be using for Wayne Manor. Also note the "control" on Cruncher\'s desk that when turned, turns the gun at the bottom. It\'s an alright feature: Could have been a little better, but it\'s such a minor bit of this scene in the movie that I can see why they didn\'t spend too much time and effort on it. It would have been nice to have more paintings though, had the back wall been more complete (and I like your idea of how to use them :) ). Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: And though I\'m not a massive fan of stickers, this is just too cool. The little aquarium is very simple but very clever, using a printed piece between two clear windows to create the illusion of a tank: Definately a feature which is not showcased nearly well enough on the box art. Since it is one of the major features of this set in the movie, it\'s nice to see it translate rather well into brick. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: Design: 2/5 - Pretty poor considering the best part is available in a cheaper set, and only the front part of the truck looks cool, but still not truly awful. That may be a bit harsh (but not much) given what I\'ve said further up this post, but it probably only deserves a 3 at best, so I\'m not realy going to quibble the point. :) I still think that Racer X should be exclusive to this set and a different car should be in the smaller set with Taejo, which would have improved the cachet for this set overall. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: Price: 2/5 - Overpriced easily, but Rogue Shadow is worse! True...this should have ideally been about a $30 set (especially given the general awesomeness of the IJ Race for the Stolen Treasure set), unless they made the trailer a bit more detailed (better back wall, perhaps some drop down gun ports like in the movie) or at put least one (or more) of Cruncher\'s goons in the set, then maybe I could agree more with the msrp. On that note: if I remember correctly from my visit to my local TRU yesterday in search of the new IJ sets (since local Targets seem determined not to get them in stock yet), they had this set on sale for around $35 along with an offer for a coupon good for $7.50 towards the purchase of a ticket to the movie with any Speed Racer toy purchase over $25. I may be wrong on the sale price, but I know the ticket offer was there. So, if you haven\'t seen the movie yet, and are interested in this set, TRU may be the place to go right now to get both at a slightly cheaper price. Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: Fun: 4/5 - The mere concept of such an open truck kept me playing with this baby for hours! So you did enjoy the playest aspect of the trailer, even though you didn\'t care for the design...looks like they didn\'t do too badly then on what they wanted out of that bit. :) Batbrick, on May 10 2008, 06:05 AM, said: Overall I\'m really glad I bought it as the minifigs are fantastic and the paintings and fish tank are cool. It\'s fun, stupid and downright ridiculous, but while not a great set by any means, certainly isn\'t as bad in the brick as it looks in photos. I was actually thinking about going and getting this set now that I\'ve seen the movie and I understand what the heck is going on here more. Your review has definately added an additional impetus to that notion. My pocketbook (does not) thank you!'], [0, 'Thanks for that fine review, Batbrick. The most interesting part of the set, for me, are the neat MFs.... the trailer looks really pretty skeletal. However.... it´s a nice little play set and´ll fit its purpose I guess.'], [0, 'Nice review. Good pictures, thanks. I think I may get a couple of the smaller sets, as I think these will become collectors sets in years too come, Not sure this range will be that popular? Love the minifigs though.'], [-1, "Batbrick thanks for the sweet review. You give me great insights into this set. Hehe, I agreed that Racer X is nice, but I believe we can get it in the other set for a much lower price. For me, the trailer which does not have a cover is bugging me alot. That's why, I holding my reservations against this set. At most, I will consider the other 2 smaller sets for collection purpose. Nevertheless, Batbrick great job"], [-1, "Thanks for the review. My wife wanted me to buy this for the fishtank, and I came close! Untimately this set didn't offer many good part to me so I bought the smaller set with the same car. The trailer is just too insubstantial..."], [0, 'Thank you for the nice review'], [1, 'Thanks for the great review! It seems like the most awesome part of the set is the sticker sheet, which is a reversal of the usual situation!'], [1, 'I bought this set a few days ago and agree with what you have said about it. The trailer is fun to play with but just so plain. Overall great review.'], [1, "I really like this set: My favorite parts are the minifigs and X's car. VROOOM!"], [0, 'I enjoyed the review. Some cool fleshie heads and parts, but it does seem a bit lamer even than I imagined from the box (the "airy" truck is rather slyly disguised on the box art). I would like to get it if it is ever on sale, 50% off would be nice :) Speed Racer Lego doesn\'t seem to be selling too well in local shops here.'], [0, "Hi all Newly arrived today, don't you just love Shop at Home. Thought I'd give it a quick review. See more details over at my site. The Tumbler: Joker's Ice Cream Suprise"], [0, "Nice review--I'm surprised these are out already. I'll probably end up passing on this one. Even with the surprise. :)"], [1, 'Good review. A must have for my batman collection. Are these sets already out in germany?'], [1, 'Good review.I think the sets amazing!'], [1, 'The Batman minifig have a detailed and cool torso. Thanks for the review brickbitz. Edited by darkrebellion, 16 May 2008 - 07:31 PM.'], [0, 'That is a very nice and quick review! Thanks for giving us a quick summary. Not much comments on this set, as I do not really go into Batman theme yet. However, the ice cream truck in the set interest me. Apart from that, nothing much yet. Who knows, maybe I will change my mind in the future.'], [1, 'Must...Get...!!'], [1, "Nice review, brickbitz. I actually think this kit is really very nice for the size. True, you only get three figures, but it seems that's a norm in most batman sets. Besides, everything else is great. The tumbler looks like an amazing build - they really nailed this tank of a ride. And the Ice cream truck... Plus, this set does seem to have some neat pieces in it (trans green popsicles and lime hubcaps, anyone?). I think this far beats the rest of the batman lineup this year, which seems quite disapointing overall. Edited by Grevious, 16 May 2008 - 08:12 PM."], [1, "It's on the way! And also the buggy!"], [0, 'Oh wait, Is that torso dark grey or light grey?'], [0, "Ronan Nissen, on May 16 2008, 10:05 PM, said: Oh wait, Is that torso dark grey or light grey? It's definitely dark grey."], [0, "Great review, as always! Although I know you don't take many pictures in your reviews(IMHO, ) but can we see a little more about the Tumbler? Is that little windshield down near the bottom front a third seat? What is in the framework of the back, behind the cockpit? I know there's a blunt shooter and flick fire missiles, but is it all framework?"], [0, "trooperdavinfelth, on May 16 2008, 11:11 PM, said: Although I know you don't take many pictures in your reviews(IMHO, ) but can we see a little more about the Tumbler? I'll get some set up tomorrow in better light. To be honest there isn't a lot to see, most of it is just basic technic blocks underneath with all the slopes built up on top."], [1, 'Thanks a lot for the review brickbitz. I really love this set, sure the figs are annoyingly not new, but the ice cream truck is fantastic and the Tumbler is a marvel of black slopes. I see now that it is far too huge though, I reckon I will either keep it that way as a "mega tumbler", mod it to become another Battank, keep it as a model Tumbler, or pull it apart and use the bits to make a Tumbler like Wetwire\'s awesome one. Love those popsicles though, and those wheels are very nice, so overall as a loyal Batfan I love the set, even though it could\'ve been better. Batbrick Away!'], [1, "Nice review I really can't believe that it is out already! I love that new Batman suit and the tumbler have they made the posicles before? This is sure a must have!"], [1, 'A nice review of an interesting set, thanks brickbitz. A great new Batman, a funny ice cream truck and a pretty detailed Tumbler. And although I wish that vehicle would be just a bit smaller I almost wonder that it´s not even bigger, compared to TLC´s other Batvehicles.... And well, the interior could be better too....'], [0, "brickbitz, on May 16 2008, 11:41 PM, said: I'll get some set up tomorrow in better light. To be honest there isn't a lot to see, most of it is just basic technic blocks underneath with all the slopes built up on top. Some more pics of the tumbler."], [1, "The Tumbler is massive! I'll struggle to fit it into the Cave, but never mind. The figs are nice, the Tumbler is pretty accurate (or at least, it will be after I've MODed it), and Joker's tainted ice cream van is so very Joker. Thanks for the review, btw."], [0, 'Hey brickbitz, I love how your review is not biased 10 ups. In the end, you said, "Overall slightly disappointing." Most people post reviews only with praise, but I\'m glad you take both sides . Enjoyed the review just like others have, thanks so much'], [1, 'General Grievous Reviewed by Dunamis Set 10186 1,085 Pieces $89.95 from LEGO Shop @ Home Build time 3.5 hours It is the start of summer here in California and along with the weekly deluge of new action films we start to see some of the next wave of Star Wars LEGO sets. The latest offering from our favorite building toy company is none other than the infamous General Grievous! No doubt you all know the story of Grievous; two parts Technic and one part human and his hatred of the Jedi. Follow along as we get a close-up view of the mighty General. No doubt the observant will wonder why I purchased this set from Shop @ Home instead of my trusty LEGO store in Glendale. Well, it’s really as simple as two things: I’ve been traveling a lot and didn’t have time to drive to the store to get it AND gas is now $4/gallon and I would likely spend more in gas than the $9 shipping cost to get it to me. So there you have it. The Box: A gigantic box (much larger than expected) held the mighty General. We’re back to the perforated tabs on the side and two stickers on the front that let the box lift open: Inside, we have 17 bags, two manuals and three stickers on a relatively small sticker sheet. The Manuals: The manuals are not terribly thick in fact the second manual is noticeably thinner than the first. They come in at 75 and 31pages. Interesting to note on the back we see the next (and more interesting) wave of sets later this summer. Nothing new to report on the manuals as they provide the LEGO standard of high quality and features we expect. - Piece callouts - Models divided into sections - Large images - Page numbers Since there were links posted to the .pdf files of the instructions online, I’m sure you can all get an idea of the manual and the parts inventory. However, for those of you without access to the Internet here are photos of the parts inventory pages: Random manual image: Features page: The Pieces: The short answer is you get lots and lots of little pieces in white, gray and black plus some big pieces in white, gray and black. Mixed in the set is a fair amount of oddball pieces like minifig tools, Jedi hood and trans yellow dome. Fear not, despite the eclectic collection of parts, it all comes together in the end (not unlike a typical day at work for me…) It is probably worth noting again that there is a heavy amount of Technic parts and pieces here. The Build: The build starts off with a rather in-depth build of the stand in which General Grievous stands on. Once you think you are done, you keep adding on to this (rather solid) base. I bet there are 250 pieces just in the base alone! It is quite nice when you get done with it though and really adds to the display. I’m glad LEGO didn’t skimp on the base as it completes the model. Once you get through all that, the rest of the build is a real thumb-bruiser. Anyone who has built a decent size Technic set knows the feeling of your thumbs being sore when you are done. You get the same effect here. It is actually a fun build and I really liked seeing how the designers used all the various pieces to recreate a fairly accurate model of Grievous. The model is built from the ground up as seen in a few of the progress shots: Here is what is left over: The Design: The design is quite good and is very accurate. Some might be disappointed that since this is a Technic set we don’t have more articulation in the shoulders and have the ability to separate two arms into four as seen in the movie. However, it would seem the real intent is for display and not functionality. Here is a shot of the torso and the detail involved: Here are Grievous’ organs: Careful observers will note that my model is lacking two “arrow” stickers from the two white chest pieces. I failed to see these on the sticker sheet and only grabbed the large Grievous sticker. So, note that there are actually THREE stickers and not ONE. Chest protector and respirator: Head and arms: I was a little disappointed that we got two yellow blades and no green blades on the lightsabers. Note how all the lightsabers have different hilts which is a nice touch: Here are some shots of the completed model with a few other sets shown for scale. He is actually pretty tall: You have the option to remove the top two arms and put in shoulder plates if you so desire: Detail on the back: Overall Thoughts: I’ve been saying for a few years that we should have a Technic Grievous set and we finally got one. Designed more as a model and not a fully functional swooshable figure, Grievous is a tad flimsy. You won’t want him to veer too far off his massive and sturdy base. It would have been nice to have is cape with him (like the Technic Vader set). I do like the size of the model and it is impressive to look at. LEGO Star Wars System fans will likely want to think twice before purchasing but Technic and UCS fans should be satisfied. Final Rating: 75% Build 8/10 (Very Good – Fun, relatively quick build. Technic fans will be more pleased than others.) Design 8/10 (Very Good – Some nice SNOT and Technic techniques. A bit flimsy but the base is kind of cool.) Parts 7/10 (A mixed bag of stuff. Probably can’t get too many diverse builds from this except for other robot type models.) Price 7/10 (Just OK – A bit stiff at $90 USD for a nice display model with limited functionality.) As always, let’s hear your thoughts and feedback.'], [-1, 'Thanks so much dunamis for your awesome review . Yeah I think TLC miss the cape, it would be cool to own one but when we were talking of the 2008 sets around july of last year I can remember someone said it would come with cape. Finally is a little dissapoint TLC miss it . Edited by darkrebellion, 16 May 2008 - 07:20 PM.'], [1, 'Excellent review, Dunamis. This set looks great. The designers really though the kit out, it seems. The internal organs have got to be my favorite part, but everything is good. Now all we need is a UCS Obi-Wan with a laser pistol to finish off Grievous in a totally anti-climatic way!'], [0, "Hey Dunamis, think you can get a straight-on shot of the face? The red pieces inside the eye sockets are topped with trans-greenish-yellow studs which make his face look eerily alive and very close to his screen appearance. It's a nice little detail that seems to not show through on pictures I've seen of the set. The legs are a little wobbly. I'm scared that he'll be leaning too far forward in about 5 years"], [1, "Deinonychus, on May 16 2008, 09:21 PM, said: Hey Dunamis, think you can get a straight-on shot of the face? The red pieces inside the eye sockets are topped with trans-greenish-yellow studs which make his face look eerily alive and very close to his screen appearance. It's a nice little detail that seems to not show through on pictures I've seen of the set. The legs are a little wobbly. I'm scared that he'll be leaning too far forward in about 5 years Sure. I'll get a few photos tonight and post them. The eyes are a nice effect. You are right about the legs as the model does wobble a little. I forgot to mention that the base does turn which is another nice feature."], [1, 'Nice review dunamis ! I built it two weeks ago on the LEGOWORLD speedbuild in Oslo and didn´t have time to get the "feel" during that crazy race. I agree with you that the base is nice & sturdy, makes it stand real still ! I´m looking forward on your next score! Four eyes arms On copmike'], [0, 'I do a easy answer to you Dunamis and just double post CM´s answer... I was there as well! copmike, on May 17 2008, 12:42 AM, said: Nice review dunamis ! I built it two weeks ago on the LEGOWORLD speedbuild in Oslo and didn´t have time to get the "feel" during that crazy race. I agree with you that the base is nice & sturdy, makes it stand real still ! I´m looking forward on your next score! Four eyes arms On copmike Sturdy On!! -Ras-'], [1, 'Cool! I like the idea of using the hood as an organ! Dunamis Reviews ON!'], [1, "Thanks for this very detailed review Dunamis! Didn't think that GG were that big He looks pretty good to me, but I'll save the 90€ for the upcoming CW sets"], [1, 'Thanks for that fine review, dunamis. I really like that set.... GG´s an interesting and well designed movie character and that LEGO version of him´s indeed well done and very detailed. And although I would wish for a some more functional (or playable ) feature of move- and even splitable arms I guess it´s an already very cool UCS version of that grumpy old Kaleesh....'], [0, 'OK, here are a couple of shots of the head and eyes: A very nice effect. Any, silly me, in my first set of photos above, I never folded in his ribcage (you guys gotta call me out on these things). Here is what it is supposed to look like: Anyway, carry on...'], [1, "Quote Since there were links posted to the .pdf files of the instructions online, I’m sure you can all get an idea of the manual and the parts inventory. However, for those of you without access to the Internet here are photos of the parts inventory pages: Luckily for me I have access to the internet to read this review in the first place Seriously though, nice review! My girlfriend has told me that I can't have this one after we just got through a 3-day build of the 10030 Star Destroyer... but I'm sure I can turn her around eventually... :)"], [1, "Awesome review, Dunamis! That's such a sweet set, I loved it as soon as I thoroughly examined the online instructions. It looks way awesome in the brick, my favourite part has to be the eyes. Very cool, and creepy. Thanks again for the info, and of course the pics! ~Peace"], [0, 'welcomestranger, on May 17 2008, 06:14 AM, said: Luckily for me I have access to the internet to read this review in the first place LOL, I was wondering if anyone would get my lame attempt at humor'], [0, 'dunamis, on May 17 2008, 04:58 AM, said: Any, silly me, in my first set of photos above, I never folded in his ribcage (you guys gotta call me out on these things). You forgot to add the stickers to the chest plates too. Jeremy'], [0, 'dunamis, on May 16 2008, 07:01 PM, said: two parts Technic and one part human One part Kaleesh, actually'], [0, 'An excellent review with superb presentation dunamis . When the time comes i hope your able to get your hands on the other new SW sets and review them just as good.'], [-1, "Snice review! (Super nice) Though I think I'll pass on this one, I really dislike the head. What's with the frame around the neck and the clip under the head? That, and I don't really care for UCS or technic stuff. The base looks nice though!"], [1, "This is a very nice, i never gotten to chance to own or buy one of the SW big sets. I'm definitely getting these one."], [1, 'Detailed report,thx for sharing.I love to see the special parts of it!You persuaded me to buy this!'], [0, 'nice review! but id rather save my money for the indy and Clone Wars sets.'], [0, "LEGOscum, on May 17 2008, 04:03 PM, said: You forgot to add the stickers to the chest plates too. Jeremy Yeah, I know. I mentioned it in the review that I completely blew past the other two stickers. If you look closely, you can see that the big Grievous nameplate sticker is off-center as well. Me and stickers don't get along..."], [0, 'Great review, very detailed indeed!'], [0, 'nice review i hope to get this set for my birthday!'], [0, "Thanks for the great review! Sad to say, as cool as he looks, he's a sale-only set for me."], [1, "Hi all again. Another one of todays special deliveries. I think personally this set is great. Mars Mission is really finding it's feet. 7646 ETX Alien Infiltrator"], [1, 'The walker reminds me of the old Kenner CAP-2 Captivator which is good.'], [1, "Thanks very much for the review brickbitz! I love this year's Mars Mission line, and though this is the weakest set, it is still a major improvement. The mech is very cool and well made, and the Commander is one of my favourite alien figs ever. The alien ship is pretty good, better than last years ones but not extremely good either, but i still like the set. Batbrick Away!"], [1, "Thanks for the sweet review, brickbitz! That really is a neat little set, that walker is fantastic, most likely the best part of the set. Though the alien craft does also look neat, and it's cool how it can fold down into aa walker. Or rather, a sentry turret, seeing as it can't really move while in that mode. Still, it's nice. My favourite part is the mini mining robot though. So cute! ~Peace"], [1, "Thanks for that interesting review, brickbitz. The alien fighter looks pretty nice, nothing special but streamlined and fast nevertheless. That transforming feature´s a nice addition for sure, and these new flicker missile with its launch apparatus.... hmm, I hope I won´t spend quite some time in search of that little 'rocket' piece.... However, there´s still something I miss with these alien crafts.... I don´t know.... I like some more organic looking design, and they even come in some nice and different shapes, but still.... perhaps a real space fighter just needs a solid cockpit, cool windscreens and controls to satisfy my odd likings. That 'exo suit' looks really good and I wonder why it´s a little underrepresented on the box art. The jet pack/space scooter´s a really good idea, and the only thing I hate´re those darned studless technic beams.... it could look so much better with a studded version of these parts. But of course that´s only due to my personal preferences."], [0, 'Thanks for the review!! That makes me wanting this set even more!!'], [0, "Thanks for the review brickbitz I don't normally come into the space forum but this set it tempting me, on the basis of you review I think I might aquire one at some point."], [0, "DAMN!!! I was just about to post a review on this Here's the Infiltrator WITH the nice shiny holographic stickers! [attachment=2232:Mars_Mis...tor_tiny.JPG] Edited by The Rancor, 18 May 2008 - 12:59 PM."], [0, 'The Rancor, on May 18 2008, 01:38 PM, said: DAMN!!! I was just about to post a review on this Why not.... multiple reviews´re doing no harm, and it´s always interesting to see reviews with a perhaps different point of view too....'], [1, 'LOL your sig is awesome! The little power suit is well done, I would like to see articulation some how jammed into the little legs though, and we all now exoforce 4 finger hands would look great on his arms. Edited by Rayskull, 18 May 2008 - 04:51 PM.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review nice little set and its around $20.00!'], [1, 'Excellent review as usual, brickbitz. I really love this set. The moonwalker is amazing, and the alien craft is really nice too. I might get this someday...'], [0, "The Rancor, on May 18 2008, 06:38 AM, said: DAMN!!! I was just about to post a review on this Here's the Infiltrator WITH the nice shiny holographic stickers! Mars_Mis...tor_tiny.JPG There's nothing stopping you from posting a review as well..."], [0, 'My first impression upon seeing this set was "no thanks", but now I\'m warming up to it. Still, I\'ll skip it if it interferes with my Hypersonic Operations Aircraft fund. :P'], [1, 'Hi y\'all! Guess what happened today? When walked into my Toys \'R\' Us in Fullerton, CA, just to buy a simple Tiny Turbo racer, what do I see? All the Agents sets sitting on the shelf, ready for the taking! I didn\'t have too much money with me, so I just got 2 of 8631 Mission 1: Jetpack Pursuit! It\'s a really cool little set, so I thought I\'d review this puppy for you! I shall proceed in the order of the instructions. So, let\'s get started! The Minifigs Let\'s begin with the minifigs, Saw Fist and Agent Chase! They are really cool, some of the coolest minifigs I have seen in a while! I took off Saw Fist\'s wig & chainsaw so you can see his head and cybernetic arm better! Here is a back view of Saw Fist, and - SURPRISE! Agent Chase has a double sided head! One side with his cool "mission face" with sunglasses and headset, and one with his casual Bruce Wayne type face (note, though, that it is not really the Bruce Wayne face). His wig, btw, is Mutt\'s hairpiece in black! Very neat! Poor Saw Fist seems to be forced to always drag his chainsaw around for it is way too long to just hang down from his shoulder like a normal arm. The Snowmobile Next up, we have the snowmobile, a sleek little vehicle with only minor design flaws! The container with the jewel is attached to the vehicle by a single stud, so it doesn\'t fall off, but is easy to pick up! In the pic below you can see the only two tiny design flaws: Thanks to the exhaust pipes, the laser cannon (or whatever it\'s supposed to be) can\'t be lowered any further than this. Also, the corners of that slope-ish piece that the handle bar rests on are sticking out a little at the sides. Other than that, it\'s pretty well done! The Jetpack Finally, there is the Jetpack! IMO, a name like Autogyro-pack or something would make more sense, but whatever. Although a little bulky, the Jetpack is very well designed! The rotor can be tilted back, and at the lower back of the Jetpack, there is hook with which you can grab the container with the jewel from the snowmobile. What I like best about the Jetpack is that although it is attached to the minifig in kinda the same way as that of the Riddler, this one doesn\'t rotate around. So, the Agent is being held in place steadily! "See ya later, chainsaw-cyborg-dude!" Stickers This set comes with a surprisingly large sticker sheet. The reason is that half of it are extra stickers! There are two large Agents logos and one Inferno logo - perfect for Agents MOCs! There are also a star and a small, round sticker portraying the number of the mission. The star seems to be part of some kind of game where you collect the stars from all sets on an Agents ID that you get from the Mission 5 set. I don\'t know, though, if you get any gain from this except for becoming a full-status Lego Agent! Below, you can find the list of parts from this set! Click here for a better quality pic! That\'s pretty much it! I hope you liked this review and will run straight to your next toy store to get one or more of this set! This was my very first set review! So any questions, comments, or requests? Any more pics you want me to take? Would you like me to exchange the chainsaw with something else, or do you want me to try the Agent\'s new hairpiece out on another fig? If so, just tell me! See ya! Edited by Oky Wan Kenobi, 25 June 2009 - 08:21 PM.'], [1, "Thanks for the excellent review Oky! Judging by this set, the line is going to be promising. I really like the figs and I'm glad to see that robot arm is actually a new arm mold. Awesome!! Can a minifig hand fit in the end or just the chainsaw attachment? Could it fit an Exo-Force robot claw? There's a lot of detail in the torsos and I like that the Agent's suit is like a moto-cross uniform. I love that the snowmobile has a working tread. Copmike, Ras and I tried to build a snowmobile with working treads, but we ended up using chainsaw blades in the end. Great work Oky!"], [0, "That's a great review for your first one. I think the jet pack if far to bulky it could do with some minimising but that’s life. I assume that you can’t fit a standard hand in the chainsaw arms are the hole would be to large but would you be so good as to confirm this for me? Overall I quite like the jet ski and the ability to lower the arms to much doesn’t both me. How much was it just so I can get an idea of the price? Finally thanks for posting this review so quickly."], [1, 'This is MUCH MUCH MUCH more promising than the 2008 Batman set for $10.00. The vehicle looks like someone took time to design it, but the Batman one looks like . Lego dear Lego, where is the quality for Batman??!?! I really like the new cyborg arm, and the propellers on that thing : ), it is a really promising line although I would get rid of all those bionicle pieces.'], [1, "Thanks for the great review Oky Wan The two vehicles look quite nice for a small set and the minifigs look great! The two sided head is nice, although it would've been nice if it was a new head rather than the standard frowning face. The cyborg looks good, nice and cartoony, I like the printing on his back. The belt on the hips should be useful, not to mention the robotic hand. I assume that anything that fits into a 1x1x1 cylinder can fit in it? I hope so Thanks again Oky. Any chance you can get any more sets?"], [0, "Thanks for the review. I'm looking forward to some of the new parts and ideas in this line. The figures look great. The actual sets themselves don't really appeal though."], [0, "This set looks wicked! Thanks very much for the sweet review Oky Wan! The pics are perfect, great quality and the perfect size, well done! This sets got everything, a new hairpiece, tank treads, a gem, well, I could go on but you can all see everything from the great pics. Thanks again Oky! This is one set I'll definately be getting! ~Peace"], [0, 'Huhm .. i like the idea of the agent-ID .. but offcourse all they want with that is that you buy all six sets .. but it can be a good idea for children, they wouldn\'t think of "hey they get all money only because i have a little card with stars" or something. Well, not to rant, i think it\'s good. Also, can you make that name yourself? maybe set 5 comes with a extra stickersheed with all letters, that would be nice "Agent Rupee" A very nice review Oky Wan Kenobi. =Rupee'], [0, "Thanks, guys! I really tried to make it a good first review! Now to answer your questions: The robot arm can fit EF robot claws and anything that a minifig can hold in his hand or that would fit into a 1x1x1 cylinder, so normal minifig hands are too small to fit. TLG is using the robot claw idea for the main villain of the Agents line! Do you still want me to try it out and take pics? The price was 10.99 USD at the TRU I bought it at. I bet it'ss be a dollar less on S@H! And I'm sorry, but I probably won't get any more sets any time soon. I have to save my money for all the other good set that are to come. But if I would get another set, it would just be the one with the helicopter and the all-silver car! If anyone gets this set, can he/she PLEASE review it? Thanks! Any other questions I can answer for you guys? Edited by Oky Wan Kenobi, 18 May 2008 - 08:59 AM."], [1, "Oky Wan, thanks for this wonderful review! I really have mixed feelings towards Agents set. Haha, but I love the Agent mini-figure. The double-sided face is great and I love the sunglass look. It's nice that they made use of Mutt's hairpiece which is personally my fave hairpiece at the moment The jet-pack is neat. Making use of the additional secure backing onto the mini-fig is really very smart."], [1, 'Nice first review Oky Wan ! I´d say this is better than we first thought. The minifigs looks cool and the overall look is ok. And the excaustpipe is a new peace also I think? Agents On copmike'], [1, "I kind of like the set. As said it has a very cartoonish style to it so I'm guessing the kids are going to love it. And as a parent I'll love it if the construction isn't to fragile. ;) I'll probably be getting a few for myself but only as parts pack. copmike, on May 18 2008, 11:29 AM, said: And the excaustpipe is a new peace also I think? Yeah and it's all over this years releases. From what I've seen so far it's found in: racers, Speed Racers, Mars Mission and Exo-Force sets. I just wish that instead of a 2x1 plate with an exhaustpipe in each end they would have made it an 1x1 plate with a single exhaust. That would have been a lot more useful."], [0, 'OMG OMG OMG. Im coming to the US in just under two weeks, really hope I see them somewhere! Does anyone know what NY Times Square Toys R Us is like for new sets?'], [0, 'Is there any chance u could post pics of the comic and the box i love legos box art and instruction art?'], [1, 'I love the way the bad guy has a special attachment on the jewel case JUST to allow the Agent to grab it with his hook. It\'s like the two of them sat down beforehand and drew up the plans for the vehicle together... CYBORG: "OK, and then I\'ll make my getaway in the special snowmobile and you can follow me..." AGENT: "...And I\'ll scoop up the jewel and return it to foil your plan". CYBORG: "Perfect. See you Tuesday?" Dr. S.'], [-1, "Good review! Thanks Oky Wan. Hmm, although I really like the villain (not just the new arm, I think the color is very... villanous, as all Bond-villains with class have minions in uniforms. It's even possible to fill out their numbers with Exo-force grunts of the same color) I'm not that hot for the agent himself, his uniform... nah. It doesn't even look like clothes, just give the man a suit or some nifty leather. I think I'll try to grab some sets from the agents line just for the new parts (to begin with... MOCs may follow, who knows?) when they are available in stores here in Sweden. Haven't seen them yet, though Indiana Jones just got here so there might be some further waiting for me. Now I want to see reviews of the other sets :)"], [0, 'Thanks for a very good review! Agent line seems better all the time... Looking forward in seeing review on Mission 2 Gold Chase (and new pictures of the jet) really soon!'], [0, 'Hmm, interesting set. Great review! I might pick this one up for the wonderful parts. ~VBBN~'], [1, 'What a lovely set, thanks for that fine review, Oky Wan Kenobi! The MFs´re wonderful, that helipack looks solid and well done and I especially like the slightly asymmetrical design of the neat snowmobile. A very playable little set for sure, and the most interesting part´s for sure that new cool MF arm....'], [0, "They are already on the shelfs? That's kinda weird, since there aren't even the instructions online yet"], [0, "Yay, Oky Wan! Wow, the Agents line is looking good so far. The jetpack is pretty nice, and the minifigs... My dad was in Portland just yesterday, and If I'd have called an hour sooner, he might have been able to get to the TRU..."], [0, "Thanks for the great review Oky Wan! At first I didn't think I liked the Agents sets but the more I see them the better I think they look. I will definitely pick up 1 or 2 of the sets. I really like the jet pack, and the figs look great. That double face is very nice. TLG should make more figs with these faces in my opinion."], [0, "Great review!Thank youvery much! I think this line is much more promising than most orginally thought it would be. I'm onmy way to see ifican find the big rig right now!"], [1, "Thank you for the nice review. It has some big pieces I don't like, but the minifigs are good."], [0, 'Thank you.'], [0, 'Thanks for the review! Do i see a little Indy hint on that map? Oh and btw., the map looks like it actually is printed am i right?'], [1, "Looks good, and I'll bet that jaw and wire could be used for lots of MOCs... Is this the only Agents set that contains the wire? While I'm here: I got the third mission, would anyone like a review of that? Faramir"], [0, "That would be great! I still wonder why the instructions aren't up yet, though.."], [1, 'Mmm this set looks amazing. lovely pieces. And I actually like the minifig faces. That Jaw helmet is cool aswel . Are those stickers on the crocodile heads or is it printed?'], [1, 'Not many words this time, but as they say: a picture is worth a thousand words - and your pictures are lovely! Once again, Agents is turning out to be a cooler and cooler theme with each new review. This set looks like an awesome parts pack, and I love the bike! BTW, anyone else notice the possibly accidental reference to Alpha Team? Agent Charge is back, it looks! Edited by Grevious, 21 May 2008 - 09:05 PM.'], [1, "Thanks for the review, this set is wonderful! U love the TWO dark green crocodiles and awesome minifigs, especially break jaw That bike is awesome and the base, like all agents sets, comes with great pieces, like the barbed wire, orange anything, leafy pieces and brown log pieces. Thanks for the review, I'll definitely get this one! Batbrick Away!"], [1, 'Wow, great review for a really great looking set. The pieces, like the minifigs and crocs are very nice, but that map is reeaally cool for an Aztec/Maya/Inca fan (like me)! I will definately buy this set when it is available in England. Grevious, on May 21 2008, 10:04 PM, said: BTW, anyone else notice the possibly accidental reference to Alpha Team? Agent Charge is back, it looks! Yeah, I thought that. Then I thought, "nah, he looks different", but I remember that the characters in Alpha Team did change their looks a lot throughout the years (being spies and that). Edited by Shoc, 26 May 2008 - 10:37 AM.'], [1, 'A really cool playset, thanks for these great pics, SirNadroj! A silver jaw helm, cycrocs, some cool faces and a very swooshable bike.... see you later, alligator! The only thing I don´t get entirely´re these neat barbwire circles. What´s the purpose with these.... life rings for masochists? Well.... that makes me look at that tower in a completely new way too.... baddie´s baywatch on! But where´re the girls?'], [1, "Have you made any other reviews? I want more. Please? I'm not planning to get this set, but its pretty cute. The set itself is okay, but the figs are amazing. Agent Charge: I want that head. Unibrow man! Great villain! Crocs..."], [1, "Great little set, nice to have a small building instead of all vehicles. Plant pieces and dark green crocs always welcome. Good parts selection for the price. Thanks for the review! Can't wait till we can get our hands on these!"], [1, 'Like all the others, (except the truck) this set is great. Love the figs and the green crocidiles.'], [0, "Can't..resist...the unibrow...must obey."], [1, 'Nice set... Im definately gonna pick it up when I see it. I like the design of the base and it comes with lots of usefull an neat pieces.'], [1, 'Great looking set! I’m determined to get all the Agent sets this summer. Comments: Swamp Tower-The barbed wire is cool, but it seems like it’s only for looks. Bike-Cool looking, but doesn’t seem to have any controls. Cybercrocs-Wow, haven’t seen any of these pieces for a while, and in dark green, awesome! Agent Charge-Sweet head, definitely cool. Break Jaw-He looks like the result of some animal testing on humans gone horribly wrong. I hope they come out near me soon.'], [1, "Wow, thanks for the great review, SirNadroj! The overall set is what attracted me in the first place, that elevated hut and swampy setting just sucked me right in! It all looks really nice to me, a definite buy. That Agents head would make a great Indy, for those opposed to fleshies. And that monobrow, I mean, villain guy looks very... er... well, the monobrow is unique, thought I noticed the suit looks a bit skin tight in the crotchal area. Don't look at me like that, you saw it too! Anyway, the helmet's the best part about the villain, great for Warhammer 40,000 Orks. ~Peace"], [1, "Very useful pieces, that new Agent head (I think it's new) could be used for a Gordon Freeman minifigure, and Break Jaw's head for Otis the security guard when you take his donuts away from him."], [1, 'I always joked that our house would have a moat around it with mechanical alligators. Now I can build the house in lego! Thanks SirNadroj for the review and pictures. This is definitely my favorite Agents set.'], [1, "Great review and a good confirmation of exactly what I suspected... this is a parts line for me. Much like Exoforce before it, this will be the theme I pick up when I'm out of other things, or it's on sale. Plus those dark green alligators bring tears of joy to an old pirate. Alice, on May 22 2008, 12:43 AM, said: I always joked that our house would have a moat around it with mechanical alligators. You were joking? What about the monkeys and the miniature golf course? Don't ruin my dreams ..."], [1, "SirNadroj, on May 21 2008, 08:36 PM, said: Agent Charge: Looks like Indy with 'roid rage... SirNadroj, on May 21 2008, 08:36 PM, said: Treasure: Map! Nice map. Is it a sticker or printed? Steve"], [1, "Thanks for the review. I the bike and the bad guy's helmet."], [0, "Why do all of the reviews that we have for Agents sets have the agents getting hurt? Is this a new trend? Plus Unibrow man doesn't have a unibrow. His eyebrows are really close together and bushy!"], [-1, "AgentRick57, on May 23 2008, 09:17 AM, said: Why do all of the reviews that we have for Agents sets have the agents getting hurt? Is this a new trend? No, it's an old trend. And it's because villains are cooler. Actually, it could be long-simmering resentment towards the not-highly-regarded Alpha Team/ Dino Attack sets bubbling forth. See Dr Lucky's hilarious post here for an example of what I mean... I'm sure the new agents will learn to fight back soon"], [0, 'does anyone know if the turbo car chase is out yet?'], [1, "I've copied another thing because i don't know how i must do a review. And i can't do long reviews! Set ref: 7884 Name: The Buggy: The Escape of Mr Freeze Number of minifigs: 2 Number of pieces: 76 Price: 13,95€ Front of the box: Back of the box: The comic: Very close: What's in the box: Without: The set: The set with the box: The time: Wow, this is a funny set, but it's a little expensive, and a little to small, but i like some pieces like the fire, and the mr freeze gun. And the best of all, here it comes, NO STICKERS! That's one of the greatest things. But i understand why lego has made this set, some people want batman lego, and they are most of the time expensive, and the mr freeze set is also expensive, but this set not. If you want more pics, you msut ask! For exaple for the minifigs, or the mr freeze and the blaster. Ask it, and this is my first review and sorry for the great and blurry pics! The Final Verdict: 7.5/10 Figures: 8/10 Playability: 6/10 Build: 7/10 Pieces: 7.5/10"], [0, 'Very nice review Riddler!'], [0, 'Thanks for an interesting review, ???theriddler???. The set´s cheap and very useful to get two fantastic MFs, a great Mr. Freeze and a very cool new Batman. But I have to say that these two small vehicles just look plain ugly IMHO, without any inspiration nor orginality.... Sorry, TLC, but you can for sure do better than that, and even with less pieces....'], [1, "Nice review, thanks! I really like those little go-kart thingies, they've got a fantastic Mario Kart look to them"], [0, "Thanks for the review... Ill probably get one copy of this set. Mr. Freeze and his cart look neat. I dont like the huge wing on the back of Batman's buggy so Ill probably mod that out."], [0, "Quote But I have to say that these two small vehicles just look plain ugly IMHO, without any inspiration nor orginality Indead. The only reason to get this set is if you couldn't afford the Batcave back in 2006 and want a Mr. Freeze fig for a cheap price. And anyone who did get that kit really have no reason whatsoever to get this. Wait, did I forget something? Oh yeah - thanks for the review, Riddler. Edited by Grevious, 22 May 2008 - 11:54 PM."], [1, "Grevious, on May 23 2008, 09:54 AM, said: Indead. The only reason to get this set is if you couldn't afford the Batcave back in 2006 and want a Mr. Freeze fig for a cheap price. And anyone who did get that kit really have no reason whatsoever to get this. I'll get it, I admit the vehicles are extremely poorly designed, I mean REALLY poorly designed, but the Mr.Freeze fig is fantastic, and I would buy two of this set just for him, as his head and gear are very useful for mocing. It also comes with some nice pieces, like the grappling hook, little wheels, exhaust pieces and such. Still, a pretty bad set build wise, but it has atleast inspired me to make my own Batbuggy Thanks for the review theriddler, appreciated. Batbrick Away!"], [0, "As others have said, this really is a set for those that didn't buy the Batcave. Thus I want it! The cars are pretty horrid though... Thanks for the review ???theriddler???!"], [0, "Thanks for the review! For such a high price that we need to fork out, compared to a total pieces of 76. It's is very expensive to pay for such poor design. But then, I will still considered to get them. As what Sinner had said, this is a very good way to get Mr Freeze without getting the Batcave. And it so happened that, I do not have the Batcave too. I believed that is the cheapest set among the four. So, for the mini-figs ONLY, this set is recommended. Other than that, I am sorry."], [-1, "Like many others, I'll buy this just for Mr F, quickly recycle the parts, and pretend this set never existed. The flame detail is indeed terrible. The Bat is back - and he's flatulent! This third Bat-wave isn't really doing anything for me. I'll get the Penguin set as well for pretty much the same reason - although the sub on that is pretty cool - but skip the others. Maybe Batbrick can make us all nice alt-mocs to improve these sets... Thanks for the review though!"], [1, "Thanks for the review ???theriddler???. This is a neat little set, a bit overpriced in my opinion, but for a new suited Batman and a Mr Freeze fig in a set other than one of the most expensive Bat-sets released, it's worth my money. ~Peace"], [0, "WOWIE!!!!!! I'm glad you like it! Maby i'l do the tumbler also! But soon the batcycle and the scuba also come!"], [0, 'Pretty nice review for a first time ???theriddler???. Next time though, if your camera has it, use the macro function (little flower icon) and perhaps a tripod. That should get rid of any blur and provide you with better pictures. Apart from that, a good little review. Keep up the good work!'], [1, "Neat little set. I do like the parts a number of hard to find bits all in one pack, depending on how much it costs in USD I'll have to consider it. And while the buggy designs kinda suck, I'm a little happy to see them, its been years since TLC made any small go kart style vehicles. I guess Tiny Turbos have been overshadowing that market?"], [0, "Thanks for the reveiw The figs are bloody great! but those cars are a bit... well I'll put it blantly, RETARDED!!! Although they shall be good after some modding! and whats with that grapple hook? does it even have a rope, so I guess Batman will hokk it to Mr freeze so his ride looks more ugle anyway, can you pleese take some pics of the figs"], [1, "That's a great set. It'd be even better if it were sold as two separate little cars. They remind me of the dozens of little LEGO cart vehicles I got as a kid. Those were always fun, quick builds that resulted in lots of cool play. I think this set is aimed more at kids and, in that respect, it's a pure winner. It doesn't hurt that you can get Freeze and the newly designed Batman both in this set for a reasonable price."], [0, "hollisbrick, on May 23 2008, 02:39 PM, said: Thanks for the reveiw The figs are bloody great! but those cars are a bit... well I'll put it blantly, RETARDED!!! Although they shall be good after some modding! and whats with that grapple hook? does it even have a rope, so I guess Batman will hokk it to Mr freeze so his ride looks more ugle anyway, can you pleese take some pics of the figs I'll do! And do someone also another review of the 7888, the tumbler?"], [0, 'Thank you, The Riddler! ) For this highly informative review. Despite the fact that I still consider it to be one of the weakest sets in all Batman Line, I guess that now I may even get more than one of these for the same reasons as Batbrick. ) Good day, gentlemen! )'], [0, 'Thanks the penguin, and more pics on monday!'], [-1, 'Thanks for the review. This set was poorly design, when i first heard of it i think it was like a car with a much better design than this one. I think i will get it for the minifigs.'], [0, 'The pics as promised. Extra part:'], [1, "Thanks for the extra pics, I don't think you could have gone into much more detail than that! Nice pics of the Joker van too, will you do a review of that one? Batbrick Away!"], [1, "In actuality, I think that this may be my favorite Batman set of all time. I know, I know - it's a small set with crappy tiny vehicles; so it probably sucks for the fan who likes to display sets; but look at the MOCing side and you see this set has a ton of potential: -New Batman fig. Well, mainly the torso; but it looks nice, sleek, and armored! A definite plus whether you're a MOCist or batfan. -Mr. Freeze. Because nobody bought the Batcave when they should have...and by nobody I mean me. Plus, I love that head! -Cheapest way to amass the lightning piece. The other sets that have it are lolhueg (Well, not really, but I don't have $50 to toss around on a little skeleton tower...), and it's a great piece. -Two little blue gems. I may be alone on this, but those are my favorite parts (the gems), and that's my favorite color for them! <3 <3 <3 -Several other useful parts, including a +O piece in black, some light/medium blue bits from Mr. Freeze's kart, the oddly placed grappling hook, and some cheap wheels. Now, I don't know about you guys, but this is as close to a Batman Battlepack as we're going to get, lol - I'm buying at least three, maybe more once I get my summer job ^.^ (Oh, and the fact that the US price is only $10 helps a little, but this year you guys can't complain - you got practically every set first, ESPECIALLY the new castle! T.T) ~Trexxen"], [-1, 'Thanks for the review. I dont know if I would get this set though. The cars are not that great and the price is a little too high.'], [-1, "I got this yesterday and built it this morning. Apart from the figs, it is very crappy. Mr Freeze's buggy is OK but the bat buggy is easily the worst vehicle I've seen for years. Colours are all over the place, the grappling hook feels cheaply made, the inclusion of those odd pearl silver parts which have been in the Exo-Force sets seem especially random here, the terrible Bionicle flame piece... It's the first Lego vehicle I've built where I've immediately had the urge to disassemble it and pretend I never bought it! Really, I only got it for Mr Freeze so I shouldn't complain. But still. It's a real step backwards. The comparable Catwoman dragster set was heaps better. The Penguin sub is sweet though Thanks for the review anyway!"], [1, "Coming in at around $50 US, Turbo Car Chase is one of the bigger of the new Agents sets. A big box with a helicopter, car, and gate in it. Seems like a winner, but how good is it really, and is it worth the cash? Let's start with the Minifigs. This set comes with a standard Inferno Henchman, Spy Clops, and Agent Chase. The Henchman is you basic LEGO criminal type with a gun and a jumpsuit, nothing real groundbreaking here. Spy Clops, on the other hand, is very cool for, technically, half of a Minifig. His head has a neat electronic goggle print and the rest of him is a torso mounted onto a set of six legs made from Exo-Force robot arms. The whole thing is really well done and neat as hell. Agent Chase (Turbo Car Chase! ) seems to have a standard agent body and a double-printed face with one side a sunglasses and headset print. The other face is a determined Agent look. The set also includes a laptop with Doctor Inferno wallpaper. The laptop is a new piece and works like the LEGO books that are in a lot of Harry Potter sets. Molding on the keyboard is really well done and the thing can be held by a Minifig along either corner, but not in the middle and not while closed. The gate in the set is nothing revolutionary by itself, and I sort of get the feeling that it was included to drive up the piece count and the set price point. That being said, there are some things to like here. For instance, the gate has four wheels of barbed wire attached to it. The barbed wire is new and makes me want to start building some World War I trench MOCs. The rest of the gate is fairly big and it has a handy ramp attached so that vehicles can roll through it easily. The main feature of the gate is a sound brick. It's much better then LEGO sound and light units of the past, when the gate is opened it depresses a button and an alert klaxon blares that sounds every bit like a prison-beak in progress. The triggering action works surprisingly well and it's pretty much for this feature alone that I'm not going to immediately break the gate back down and add it to my parts bin. The designers did make an effort to create more then just a fence though. A nice control panel connected to a big spotlight crowns the piece, and a pair of cameras watch the opening. It's really hard to mess up a LEGO helicopter, and this set is no exception. The Inferno Chopper is a nicely proportioned and well built machine. It looks properly menacing and has the uniform orange and black of other Inferno property. It's armed with a set of four Technic pegs cleverly used as guns on outriding mounts, as well as a pair of the newer-style flick-fire missiles. I personally don't care for flick-firing missiles, but these look decent enough and seem to stay put so I really can't complain about them. Along the fuselage are a pair of intake pieces that I've never seen before and I'm guessing are new. They're pretty well designed and will come in handy for MOCing down the road. The action feature of the aircraft is the wench system. This is very different then other LEGO wenches in that you build the entire mechanism and housing. You can then use it to raise Spy Clops up and down from the bottom of the chopper using the rotor. Now, this also keeps you from sitting there and just giving the rotor repeated spins to simulate flight. I'm not too thrilled with that, but there are a hundred other LEGO helicopters out there with fully rotating rotors, so I guess I can let it by just this once. As you'd suspect, the bottom of the cockpit is completely open, which makes this a vehicle pretty much solely for Spy Clops (Sorry Henchman). But there is plenty of room beneath the body to attach a plate with some seats on it to accommodate another pilot without drastically altering the design, or even removing existing pieces. The Turbo Car is a slick little honey of a LEGO car, and the silver pieces that make up the body work contribute a lot to that fact. The front license plate appears to be an Exo-Fore code brick. But it also hides the activation lever for the passenger ejector seat. The seat works about as well as the Spruce Goose, which is to say not well at all, but here it's the thought that counts. The interior of the car is really well done. There's even a radar screen for keeping track of pesky helicopters. But the Bond-like features don't end there. A lever in the compartment raises pair of guns in the hood and a knob on the rear deploys a quad rocket system with more flick-fire missiles. This is a car that won't be stopped easily! The rear has two cones sticking out. I'd like to think they're smoke nozzles or oil-slick sprayers. All-in-all, this is a really good set. The car is pure LEGO vehicle love and looks fantastic. The silver pieces are very nice and it's a shame LEGO doesn't use metallic colors in System sets more often. There are, however, a LOT of sticker for this set and I know how much that bugs a lot of people. I personally like how much detail the stickers add to these sets and don't mind them so much. The set also comes with an Agents ID card for Chase which you can put little star stickers on from other sets as you get them. It's printed on a real nice piece of sturdy plastiboard and would be cooler if you could put your own picture and name on it instead of pretending to be Chase. Sold by themselves, the car and chopper would be must-haves. All tossed together with the gate sort of makes the set a little less then the sum of it's parts. And with 498 parts (most of them small) that's not so hot. It's only slightly over-priced in my opinion, but if you do shell out the money you won't regret it. I'm very comfortable recommending this set to anyone. Close to perfect, but the price and some minor flaws bring it back just a little. I'd say 4.33, but out of 5 is close enough!"], [1, 'Looks cool, one of the best in this line. Cant wait for review!'], [1, "Chrome..... Can't wait for the review, Deino!"], [1, "can't wait for the review the car is ly!!!"], [1, "Deinonychus, on May 23 2008, 10:12 PM, said: Pics and thoughts tomorrow! I picked up this set earlier in the week and was quite pleased with it (in fact I have missions 1-5 and am happy with all of them - this series is much better than the old Alpha Team ever was). I look forward to reading your thoughts on it. I will say 2 things about it now though. 1)My set came with defective instructions. In 2 places pages are missing and duplicates of other pages repeated. For instance, the car instructions are missing steps 16-21. Fortunately, I was able to make out what pieces went where in the missing steps by studying the illustration in step 22. I hope you have better luck with your instructions. 2)This set contains the best LEGO sound brick ever (it's just begging to be incorporated into my Arkham Asylum)."], [0, "Yay! Can't wait for your review. I plan to get this and the giant truck. The Brick Rat, on May 23 2008, 07:31 PM, said: 2)This set contains the best LEGO sound brick ever (it's just begging to be incorporated into my Arkham Asylum). What is a sound brick?"], [0, 'Mr. Mandalorian, on May 24 2008, 11:58 AM, said: What is a sound brick? Ditto. Maybe its like the Exo-Force light-up brick, only with sound instead of light. That would kick [INNAPROPRIATE WORD DELETED].'], [0, "The Brick Rat, on May 23 2008, 10:31 PM, said: 1)My set came with defective instructions. In 2 places pages are missing and duplicates of other pages repeated. For instance, the car instructions are missing steps 16-21. Fortunately, I was able to make out what pieces went where in the missing steps by studying the illustration in step 22. I hope you have better luck with your instructions. Everything was just fine with my directions. Sounds like you just ran into some bad luck there, my friend. Quote 2)This set contains the best LEGO sound brick ever (it's just begging to be incorporated into my Arkham Asylum). I agree 100%. And I didn't even see it had a sound brick until I read this last night. Usually LEGO promotes stuff like that pretty loudly on the packaging. Not here though."], [1, "WOW! Thanks, Deino, for this great review! I can't wait to get this myself, but right now I gotta save for the CW sets! The car is with no doubt one of the most mind blowing things TLG has come up with and we can only hope that there will be more models made out of almost only metalic colors! The spider cyborg, while not as innovative as some of the other cyborgs, is a very nice fig, and his head will be very usefull for Splinter Cell MOCs! And those intake pieces are only relatively new btw, they are in almost all of the current $10 Racers sets. Any chance of you taking a pic of a line-up of all the silver parts in this set? Edited by Oky Wan Kenobi, 24 May 2008 - 11:32 PM."], [1, "Great review, Deino! Man, that car is just so beautiful, and the helicopter is nice too. Unfortunately, this seems pretty pricy, and I hardly think I'll be getting it any time soon, what with my limited budget and all. Still, it's great to see how well Agents is shaping up."], [1, 'I love it ! Fun, playable, cool looking, and killer minifigs! Sweet!'], [1, 'Thanks for the review Deino! I love going back through the old "Agents" thread just to see how wrong we were about these awesome sets! I actually really like the gate, those portcullis pieces people may know i always find nice uses for, and I really, really, really want that awesome sound brick. The figs are a bit disappointing in numbers, but agent Chase is very cool, generic henchman are great, and Spy Clops is one of my favourite minifigs ever! The helicopter is wonderful too, I love that it is customised for Spy clops to winch him down. The colours as usual for these sets are fantastic, the dark blue, orange and chrome silver! The car is the best though, I love all the functions. How does the ejector seat work though? Batbrick away!'], [1, "Wow, thanks for the great review Deino This set is really a must have for me. The sound brick seems great, the helicopter looks very nice and the car is superb! All of the James Bond features are really cool, though I'm very interested in how the ejector seat works (or doesn't work..). The car itself is very sleek and full of beautiful silver, and the inclusion of the new rims and windshield mean that I won't have to buy many Speed Racer sets. As for the minifigs, they all look great, especially SpyClops. Though it looks rather easy for him to fall off of his spider legs. Can you confirm this? A great review of a great set, thanks Deinonychus"], [1, "Thanks for the awesome review, Deinonychus! This really is a sweet set, a bit expensive a set for me, as I only get the cheaper non-Castle sets, which is a shame because I love that head! It would be great for some more cyborg troops. The car is awesome, I didn't expect it to have that many silver parts, that's fantastic! Heaps of play features too, that ejector seat mechanism sounds interesting. Thanks again for the sweet review! ~Peace"], [0, "Deinonychus, on May 23 2008, 09:12 PM, said: The rear has two cones sticking out. I'd like to think they're smoke nozzles or oil-slick sprayers. According to page 14 of my BrickMaster magazine, the left cone is for smoke screen and the right cone is for oil slick."], [1, "Wow great review thanks! This set looks absolutely great!!!! But I'm afraid of the price Oh weel I'll just get the 2 smaller ones. I'm really liking this theme! Well done TLG"], [0, 'ES.JPG 47.94K 110 downloads The ejector seat A long Technic axle runs the length of the front of the car. It comes in to the seat area here and nests into the gray joint which is attached to the small gray Technic beam. The beam is attached to the ejector seat (bottom white 3x2 plate) with a Technic pin. The seat, in turn, is attached to the side of the car with a Technic pin. The result is, when the axle is pushed forward, the gray joint and beam tilt the seat and "eject" a Minifig. After about 20 shots the Minifig only went outside of the car 3 times...the rest of the time he just bounced around the inside of the car. So they get an A for effort, but an F for execution'], [1, "Thanks Deinonychus for another great review. I must say I do look forward to people uploading reviews of new sets, it really helps me decide if I want it or not. If it's a good set (IMO) then it adds to the excitement of picking up one myself! This, I must say, is one of those sets! The only concern for me, like alot of others, is the price. I will just have to wait and see and continue to look at these photo's Deinonychus has provided for us!! So much for thinking the Agent line was going to be weak! I wonder if the ExoForce style code brick number plate is a hint from TLC as to what will replace ExoForce at the end of this year? JB"], [1, "Thanks for the great review! I'm really liking these agents sets the more i see them. The car seems to have alot of features. Its to bad the the ejection seat doesn't work as well as one would hope. Oh well. Makes me want the big rig even more now!"], [0, "Looking closely at the red cones on the missles, and grey cones on the car's rear These appear to be a new piece. Note how there is a slight stopper ridge at the base of their top stud. Interestingly, the trans green cones on the helicopter seem to be of the older mould style."], [1, 'Thanks for your great review! It looks very nice indeed! The gate have very interesting mechanism. The car looks very slick and cool. It looks like those typical kind of James Bond car. This review gives me very good insights.'], [1, 'Great review deinonychus I really like it! can someone record the sound os the sound brick(maybe on youtube?) I really want to hear it. This sets are really cool deino can you post a picture of the agent card it comes with?'], [1, "Great review and fantastic pics, Deinonychus. And a big thank you to whoever pointed out that you could use the sound brick for Arkham Asylum, my addled brain didn't make the connection. The car is just beautiful, and with a good use for the most expensive part of the gate, this is on my wish list for sure, just have to see how much cash is left over after buying the new death star in a month or two. Agents has to be the biggest surprise from Lego for ages, without any pics it sounded so-so, but they've done a brilliant job with it, love those metallic coloured pieces!"], [1, 'great w, im totaly gonna buy this set'], [1, 'Great Review Thanks for sharing'], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members, I will present to you a very short review on the recent Castle Battlepacks. This time, I will be reviewing Skeleton Battlepack, and I hope everyone of you do enjoy viewing it. This was a request that put up by hollisbrick in the Castle thread. Initally, I thought it was a very simple set to do a review. However, for the love of Castle, I decided to whip this up for every Castle fan out there. This is an image of how the Skeleton Battlepacks look like. I have bought 12 last packs of these in total so far but none of the Crown battlepacks yet. There were snapped much faster, that I imagined. Do pardon me for the poor lightning. Today is a bad weather, it\'s hard to get natural light. The Skeleton Gang For a single battlepack like this, with an attractive reasonable price. You obtained a series of 5 skeleton mini-figs with tons and tons of useful castle accessories. To me, it\'s a very very great buy, and it\'s a MUST to stock up for my army building! Some add-ons! However, I was not very satisfied with my Skeleton armies standards. Therefore, I decided to make some slight modifications with some additional castle accessories that is stocked in my Castle warehouse. After the makeover, Ok, this is what I called a real skeleton army. This is mainly my opnion and it have to be aligned with my standards. I felt this improved battlepack gives a punch to the exisitng battlepack. The two soliders on the right, is able to align with the rest of my Castle Chess sets armies. While the one on the left, it gives me a great archer back up with the quiver and helmet attached to him. The ones, on the center especially the armored guard which equipped with the black nose cone helmet is my fave. It is able to illustrate the "Elite" among the rest of the guards with its armor and helmet which was featured in my Castle Deep Forest Expansion MOC.. Promotion On! In addition, the one which was hastly done with a modify mace, it looks rather simple. In time to come, I will change it and gives a better equipment and look. These are the remains. I can use the axe for my dwarf in my dwarf mine defender. In that set, there is no weapon for my dwarf and I have to get it from other sets. The rest of the accessories, makes a very good stock up for future upgrading! Overall: 9/10 This is not a playset. It is mainly bought for its abilty to mass recurit any armies, and is a main love for all Castle Army builders such as me! This set mainly have no major faults, and I love it so much. Although, I have done some slight modifciations, but this set is a must for me to buy more and more! Meanwhile, I will need to wait for the next shipment! Hope everyone have enjoying viewing this simple review of mine! Edited by WhiteFang, 25 May 2008 - 12:52 PM.'], [1, "Thanks for the review WhiteFang. I love these sets, and I wish they were available in NZ. So far, it seems they may never come here... But I can sit and hope. I like the look of them after your make-over, a real skeleton army there! Did you say you've bought 12! Tht's lots of Skelies. Are you planning a big MOC or something?"], [0, "dragonator, on May 25 2008, 08:21 PM, said: Thanks for the review WhiteFang. I love these sets, and I wish they were available in NZ. So far, it seems they may never come here... But I can sit and hope. I like the look of them after your make-over, a real skeleton army there! Did you say you've bought 12! Tht's lots of Skelies. Are you planning a big MOC or something? No problem! I had bought it last month. I thought it was so simple to do a review for this. Was looking through the thread, then I realised there is a request for it. It was an unexpected shipment that send to Singapore. It came in very limited quantity. Most of the battlepacks were snapped within a day or two when it arrived. Well, I am thinking of building something big in the future. It's just a plan that I have not decided yet. For me, I always love to see the beauty of a big army with different battalions, forming a kingdom. That's why, I always buy many many sets that have figures that attracts me. And for this battlepack, it served a very good purpose for it!"], [1, 'Thanks for the review!!! It wasn\'t "really" a request but more of an imply to do it Anyway great review! Can\'t wait til these come to Aus. probably when the rest of the castle comes out in September though'], [1, 'Thanks for the review I wanted to see what was in this set looks good! Is it sold in stores? Edited by mammymarf, 25 May 2008 - 03:38 PM.'], [-1, "WhiteFang, on May 25 2008, 06:14 AM, said: For a single battlepack like this, with an attractive reasonable price. You obtained a series of 5 skeleton mini-figs with tons and tons of useful castle accessories. To me, it's a very very great buy, and it's a MUST to stock up for my army building! I wish these battlepacks had a reasonable price click here to see the Canadian price of these battlepacks, 18 dollars thats 6 dollars more than the Starwars battlepack yet you get the same amount of Lego (or Less then a Starwars battlepack). How the Megablok does Lego price its items . I'm gonna have to skip this set, and a few others that I wanted because of this bloody outrageous. Back on topic thanks for the detailed review, Whitefang I also like your little changes to the set they really make this set look better."], [1, 'Thanks, WhiteFang! Castle Battle Packs.... simply wonderful! Finally a dream came true, well done TLC!'], [1, "Thanks Whitefang! I love this battlepack, but can only really hope to get one. still, great accesories and a spider! That's great! Batbrick Away!"], [1, 'hollisbrick, on May 25 2008, 08:54 PM, said: Thanks for the review!!! It wasn\'t "really" a request but more of an imply to do it Anyway great review! Can\'t wait til these come to Aus. probably when the rest of the castle comes out in September though Well, I am glad you enjoyed this review. I hope these excellent battlepacks will reach the coast of Australia and the rest of the world soon. Guess then, we will have to wait till September 08. mammymarf, on May 25 2008, 11:37 PM, said: Thanks for the review I wanted to see what was in this set looks good! Is it sold in stores? Yes, I have bought these from stores in my country. However, it came in limited quantity and it was snapped out within moments. MacK, on May 26 2008, 12:47 AM, said: I wish these battlepacks had a reasonable price click here to see the Canadian price of these battlepacks, 18 dollars thats 6 dollars more than the Starwars battlepack yet you get the same amount of Lego (or Less then a Starwars battlepack). How the Megablok does Lego price its items . I\'m gonna have to skip this set, and a few others that I wanted because of this bloody outrageous. Back on topic thanks for the detailed review, Whitefang I also like your little changes to the set they really make this set look better. MacK, I am glad you liked the little changes I made. Yes, the price for the battlepacks is a little steep. However for the amount of mini-figs and castle accessories, the price and quantity justifiy my bulk purchase. This is one way to acquired soldiers without spending much money on other sets. In this way, you will save much more. I understand the concern of Star Wars Battlepacks from your country. But in my country, Star Wars battlepacks are priced much much higher than the Castle Battlepacks. Asuka, on May 26 2008, 01:38 AM, said: Thanks, WhiteFang! Castle Battle Packs.... simply wonderful! Finally a dream came true, well done TLC! Asuka, I agreed with you totally. This is indeed a dream come true! Batbrick, on May 26 2008, 06:59 AM, said: Thanks Whitefang! I love this battlepack, but can only really hope to get one. still, great accesories and a spider! That\'s great! Batbrick Away! Batbrick, you MUST get one of these packs. I am sure it will help you in your Batman Medival MOCs. There are many possibilites for you to play around and custom with your mini-figs. This battlepack, and of course Crown battlepack too, will prove useful to you. Edited by WhiteFang, 26 May 2008 - 02:41 AM.'], [-1, 'No offence- make this 7.99 CAN. Too expensive to be coming with only a few figures. 20$ earns you the same amount of figs, plus a catapult, barricade, two horses and a jousting divider.'], [0, "sdpirate, on May 26 2008, 10:40 AM, said: No offence- make this 7.99 CAN. Too expensive to be coming with only a few figures. 20$ earns you the same amount of figs, plus a catapult, barricade, two horses and a jousting divider. Are you refering to these following sets? Both these sets adds up to $18.00 (CAD) And the skeleton pack have the same price of $18.00 (CAD) *prices quoted from S@H I understand that 7009 and 7090 offers more pieces, horses and same amount of mini-figs compared to a typical battlepack. IMO, I feel that all 3 sets are all army building sets. 7009 offer small catapult, 3 mini-figs, a skeleton white horse. 7090 offer a joust divider, weapon rack (good accessories), 2 mini-figs, a horse with barding and a skeleton black horse. These sets have different purpose. For me, buying multiples of 7009 is to build its catapult, white skeleton calvaries. While 7090 is to build on Crown calvaries and Black skeleton calvaries. However, Battlepacks have a different agenda. It offered some castle accessories that is not available commonly. For a Castle army builder like myself, castle accessories are always in demand. The black robe, silver armor, silver short-axe are not very common castle accessories. It can be used as a good stock up too. I am not saying this battlepack is an one way solution to solve everything. That's why, different sets are released to target on different purposes."], [0, "WhiteFang, although I realize that the battle packs are great specifically for building armies, and castle accessories (which is why its such a shame that I won't be able to buy these things ), while sdpirate's sets are more for a catapult, Calvary whatever. The fact to the matter is with the battle pack you get: 5 minifigs with lots of accessories. While with the sets that sdpirate showed us you get: 5 minifigs with an okay amount of accessories 3 horses (including two skeleton ones) A ballista A weapons rack, and a jousting barricade. You cannot say that the battle pack contains the same amount of stuff that the other two sets have and therefore should be priced the same. It just seems that Lego is ripping off Canadian army builders, to me if the battle pack contained a small catapult, or wall so that it contained about the same amount of stuff that the other sets had it would be fair. It seems stupid that you will only get minifigs from one set, while you can get about the same amount of minifigs plus a bunch of other stuff from two other equally priced sets. That’s why to me these battle packs are a rip off, because of what they contain, IMHO the Battle Packs seem to be only worth about 10 dollars."], [1, 'Thanks for the review Whitefang! Your additions look great, I like your mace much better than the use of a small technic cog, your looks much sturdier. And that helmet looks really great on skellie soldiers, I never thought to use that before. Very cool indeed! ~Peace'], [-1, "MacK, on May 26 2008, 01:30 PM, said: You cannot say that the battle pack contains the same amount of stuff that the other two sets have and therefore should be priced the same. It just seems that Lego is ripping off Canadian army builders, to me if the battle pack contained a small catapult, or wall so that it contained about the same amount of stuff that the other sets had it would be fair. It seems stupid that you will only get minifigs from one set, while you can get about the same amount of minifigs plus a bunch of other stuff from two other equally priced sets. That’s why to me these battle packs are a rip off, because of what they contain, IMHO the Battle Packs seem to be only worth about 10 dollars. MacK, I can understand your concern when pricing is concerned. Pricing is always a big issue for us to determine whether to buy or not to buy a certain set in a particular country. Pricing varies differently across different countries such as US, Europe, Canada, Australia and etc. This is something very hard for us to decide on. We can't be sure why TLC placed their pricing strategies this way. Well, I think we should appericate what TLC is trying to do for us, by not using price as the only factor to judge whether to buy this set or not. At least, I am sure there are many of us trying to request for battlepacks to muster armies for their MOCs, Armies Collection and etc. Different people have different judgements towards different sets and different themes. I respect your opnion. IMO, let's don't let price be the only determined factor to decide whether to purchase a particular set or not. Instead, consider an array of factors that is offered. However, I do know that consumers like me and you are always affected by price. iamded, on May 26 2008, 01:40 PM, said: Thanks for the review Whitefang! Your additions look great, I like your mace much better than the use of a small technic cog, your looks much sturdier. And that helmet looks really great on skellie soldiers, I never thought to use that before. Very cool indeed! iamded, I am glad you enjoyed the review and my slight modifications. That mace was a much looking weapon. It looks much firm than the orignal look. The design was inspired from Dwarf Mine and Dwarf Mine Defender. I would not want to have so many troll flags hanging around. The nose cone helmet, was to give the soliders a whole new look. To me, it retains the classic look, yet it belongs to present theme, suitable for my Skeleton Elite Guards."], [0, 'Thanks for sharing these close-up images of this battlepack WhiteFang. I actually had this set in my hand at Legoland Cal. and could not decide if I wanted it. I\'m currently out of "castle-mode" with my large Indy Jungle set up on the table, and creating Ghost Train MOCs that are starting to line up on the bookshelves. Once I buy the Troll Ship, I\'ll want to start collecting these great fig sets. Thanks again for sharing.'], [0, 'Thanks for the nice review WhiteFang! I got the Knights BP just for the scared face.'], [0, 'Sorry to be going a little off topic here but personally i have just bought 40 crowny battle packs for the only reason that i am running out of space to store the left over blocks. About 500 of my crownies came from sets (mentioned above) on sale which would have been cheaper than the battle packs. Thanks for the review Whitefang but i dont think i will be buy any skeleton battle packs, that army is large enough.'], [0, 'For those of you who buy so many of this and the other battle pack with Crownies, what do you do with all of them? Is this simply to create a large-scale army, or do you plan to build large castle scenes with all the figs. I\'d love to see some pictures (on the "share your castle army" thread).'], [1, 'TheBrickster, on May 28 2008, 01:21 PM, said: For those of you who buy so many of this and the other battle pack with Crownies, what do you do with all of them? Is this simply to create a large-scale army, or do you plan to build large castle scenes with all the figs. I\'d love to see some pictures (on the "share your castle army" thread). I am a army builder and hope one day to make large scale castle battle scenes. Time is a huge factor at the moment, i have to work so hard to pay for all this..lol. There is a Queens birthday holiday coming up on the 9th of june here in australia, thats the deadline i have given myself. You will definately see my army in the "share your castle army thread". Thats the beauty of the battle packs, the figures come armed.'], [0, 'TheBrickster, on May 28 2008, 09:41 AM, said: Thanks for sharing these close-up images of this battlepack WhiteFang. I actually had this set in my hand at Legoland Cal. and could not decide if I wanted it. I\'m currently out of "castle-mode" with my large Indy Jungle set up on the table, and creating Ghost Train MOCs that are starting to line up on the bookshelves. Once I buy the Troll Ship, I\'ll want to start collecting these great fig sets. Thanks again for sharing. Brickster, you should try and get back into "castle-mode". There are so many great stuffs waiting for you such as Dwarf Mine, Tower Raid and etc. However, I can understand that the problem of space is always the key issue. Without space, it is hard for us to keep it on display for big-scale MOCs or for storage purpose. I will be waiting for you to get your Troll Warship too. Hope one day soon enough, we will be able to view a Castle MOC from you too. ExoBuilder, on May 28 2008, 09:42 AM, said: Thanks for the nice review WhiteFang! I got the Knights BP just for the scared face. Thanks ExoBuilder! I did not know that the Crown battlepack has a mini-fig with the scared face. I hope it will reach my shores soon once again. robbo, on May 28 2008, 10:07 AM, said: Sorry to be going a little off topic here but personally i have just bought 40 crowny battle packs for the only reason that i am running out of space to store the left over blocks. About 500 of my crownies came from sets (mentioned above) on sale which would have been cheaper than the battle packs. Thanks for the review Whitefang but i dont think i will be buy any skeleton battle packs, that army is large enough. That\'s lots of battlepack. Share us some images on your collection too. I love to see such big army. TheBrickster, on May 28 2008, 11:21 AM, said: For those of you who buy so many of this and the other battle pack with Crownies, what do you do with all of them? Is this simply to create a large-scale army, or do you plan to build large castle scenes with all the figs. I\'d love to see some pictures (on the "share your castle army" thread). For me, I will use these battlepack for army building purpose. I always feel that every kingdom needs a considerable amount of soldiers to defend their kingdom. Therefore, most of the time, the amount of soldiers will dictate how strong that kingdom is in my collection. In the future, I hope to build large castle scenes, combined all playsets, armies everything together and developed a kingdom scene. Of course, that is just a dream for now. I am still currently not able to afford much space and time to do such big scale project at the moment. Meanwhile, for this great castle theme, I am storing them at the moment and take it out when the time is ripe. One day soon, I hope I can post an image or two of my armies. Edited by WhiteFang, 28 May 2008 - 08:50 AM.'], [-1, "I don't think these new skeletons do it for me, but thanks for a good review"], [1, 'Hi gang! As you all know, Indiana Jones IV has just debuted, and TLG has released a set depicting the Incan temple (7627) from the film\'s climax. But Lego beat Harrison Ford, George Lucas, Steven Spielberg and company to the punch by nine whole years with Johnny Thunder\'s adventures in the Amazon Ancient Ruins. The Vitals: Year of release: 1999 Parts Count: 453 MSRP: $80.00 The set included eight figures: (from left) Two skeletons, Dr. Lightning, Gail Storm, Gabarros, Achu, Johnny Thunder, and Señor Palomar. On the far right is my new sigfig, el Conde Voltio Villar. Construction begins with Dr. Lightning and his jeep. It\'s a sturdy Adventurers-style vehicle, with fatter tires at the rear for better traction. Next is Gabarros and his unusual boat. The hull is from Belleville/Paradisa sets, where it is usually pink or white. TLG ought to have put it in the Pirate theme, as it is a nice, intermediate size. In this set, it is a small steamship. The temple is built on modular 8x8 green bricks which fit into square holes in the baseplate. This is the "treasure room." This square has a nasty double-spear trap. Careful... This is the top section of the temple, crowned by Achu the (mummified?) Incan. More modular sections (these are from the front of the temple site, across the river from the main building). El Conde: "You are too beautiful a woman to be wandering alone in the jungle, Miss Storm. Please, allow me to accompany you." Gail Storm: "I\'m with Johnny, and I have a cutlass." El Conde: "I\'ll be on my way." Here\'s the finished temple, with all parts in place. Now for the traps... "Hmm, a giant ruby to bring home to the king." "¡Uf!" "That was embarassing. Miss Storm saw me fall..." "And now I\'ve fallen again!" "I had better rest here before something worse happens." "¡Chispas!" "That\'s it, I\'m leaving this place!" "Why me? Why?" The Verdict: This is a fine set, a set whose bare parts/price ratio does not accurately reflect the intricacy of its design nor the rarity of its parts. I had to buy replacements for some of them, and let me tell you, they are PRICEY! That green baseplate? $14. The little dark gray saucepan near the fire? Not available on Bricklink at any price. The brown boat hull? VHTF. With this set, parts quality trumps parts quantity. And the minifigures are wonderful! There\'s not a dud in the bunch with the possible exception of the very common Dr. Lightning, and even he is not bad. When you factor in the coherence of the color scheme and the brilliant traps, it is obvious that 5986 is a classic. 10/10 Edited by WhiteFang, 27 November 2008 - 05:33 AM. This review is added to the index.'], [1, "I've always wanted to see this set close-up Voltio. Thanks for sharing the image review. This is the only Jungle Adventurers set I don't have and it's got some great unique pieces (esp. those leaf brick pieces). What's great is they're not stickers. This is a really a nice review of a neat set; with the extra little humor you shared. Thanks again for taking the time to photograph and share over EB."], [1, 'Great review for a great set! Man I loved the Adventurers Although the new Indy sets are good they will never match up to Johnny Thunder! Most of all no stickers great review!'], [1, "Thanks for this great review, voltio! I never knew of this set 'till now, and it really looks great! I never paid much attention to those Aztec/Incan style sets, which I now regret. I love the bright colours used here, and all the great traps, there's so many of them, which is exactly what we can expect from an old Incan temple like this one. I'm surprised there's no catapult. Anyway, the minifigs included are also great, and am I right in guessing those bricks are printed? That would be fantastic, as they look amazing. That boat hull is new to me too, although I guess the fact that it's mainly in Belville sets explains that pretty well. Thanks again for the sweet review, do you have any other Jungle Adventurers sets you plan to review? ~Peace"], [1, "I'm gonna start searching Ebay!"], [1, 'I\'ve always wanted this set, ever since it came out in \'99. I have never seen it close up (unless you count driving over it in Lego Racers 2), so thanks for the pictures and the great review. voltio, on May 26 2008, 04:43 AM, said: El Conde: "You are too beautiful a woman to be wandering alone in the jungle, Miss Storm. Please, allow me to accompany you." Gail Storm: "I\'m with Johnny, and I have a cutlass." El Conde: "I\'ll be on my way." Hehe.'], [1, 'A real classic, thanks for that nice and funny review, voltio! A well designed set, very playable with a lot of nifty traps, a very good use of that raised baseplate and really nice crafts. The MF characters´re excellent too! And although the color scheme´s great and original, especially with all these neat printed pieces, it´s perhaps the only part of that set that looks a little out of date today.... Nevertheless, the set´s plain charming and shows clearly that TLC don´t need licenses to do some distinct Adventurer sets.'], [1, 'Great Review. I saw the instructions of this set, but never atracted me Until now A great set an a excelente review.'], [1, "Thanks for reviewing this rare set! Since it came out in 1999 I have only seen this set in a toystore one single time, one single copy as well... It was in the summer of 1999 in Belgium (Arlon) in a store called 'Maxi Toys' (Belgiums TRu, I think). They had the three biggest Junglesets for sale there: these Ancient Ruins, The set with the beautiful black boat and the zeppelin. Being into Adventurers at that time I had never seen the entire Jungle theme (not even in a leaflet or catalog) and surprised as I was I bought all three sets. That was one happy Dutch boy in Belgium! Surprisingly the two smallest sets made it in very small quantities to my local stores in Holland (except for the pontoon plane and small raft which was my very first Shop at Home order). The spider's secret I bought off BL, which makes me the proud owner of the entire Jungle Serie. Back to the set: This was the first time in a long history of collecting Lego that I had a deformed piece: an 2x8 red plate was twisted, I twisted it back and it still serves it's purpose... I loved the whole steam-idea in this Jungle serie: the two boats both (including the one in this set) had nice steamengines and a very cool mechanic (yours has the wrong hat/hair btw) to come along with them. The skeleton falling down on the end of a chain was the most intriguing part of this set for me, it worked really well and when you were done scaring minifigures you could winch it up again ready for the next go. The only thing I did not really like about this set was the difference in wheelsize on the car, front small, back large and the way the palmtree consisted out of just three parts... All in all a great set that is becoming more rare and expensive as we speak/post. Get it! Edited by simonwillems, 26 May 2008 - 07:59 PM."], [1, 'Great review! I just barly missed the Jungle series, growing up with half a year of Jungle and mainly Orient Expedition and Dino Island. I like Egypt more, but this set (despite the 4x4 palm tree) is practically perfect. I love the detail and vibrant colours. Gotta say, I\'ve got a thing for Pippin Reed myself. By the way, what does "VHTF" mean? Edited by sdpirate, 28 May 2008 - 01:06 AM.'], [1, "VHTF= Very Hard to Find. To answer some earlier replies... No, there are no stickers in this set. While some Adventurers sets of the era had stickers (the 5956 Zeppelin had tons), all of the interesting mesoamerican designs from this set are printed. Also, simonwillems was correct; my mechanic is missing his hat, which should be a black kepi. They're extremely expensive on BL, though (proving once again that this set has some awesome parts), so I ordered a replacement from Lego. It's in the mail and should come soon."], [-1, "The printed pieces are the real gems of this set. Beyond them, there isn't much to this set, though the boat hull is nice. The model itself, isn't all that great. The new Akator temple is definately a superior model (at least in piece count), but those printed pieces are hard to resist. Steve"], [-1, "Athos, on May 28 2008, 07:47 PM, said: The printed pieces are the real gems of this set. Beyond them, there isn't much to this set, though the boat hull is nice. The model itself, isn't all that great. The new Akator temple is definately a superior model (at least in piece count), but those printed pieces are hard to resist. Steve I have to agree. Too few pieces for such a high price- but amazing figs too, and a nice baseplate! Despite a 4+ palm tree, you get more palm tree leaves for MOC's. Plus, I think a monkey? And that sweet Achu figure."], [1, 'I absolutly love this set. This is in my opinion the best Adventurers set. It has it all; the falling bridge, the falling skeleton, the spear trap, and the classic trapdoor. It is a must-have set. Thanks for providing such a nice review.'], [1, 'this set is awesome .......... gr8'], [1, "I just rebuilt this entire set today, and the nostalgia was totally worth taking bits and pieces from a few of my own MOCs. Only now did I realize how rare some of those pieces are, and I'm rather thankful that I have all of the printed pieces, and Achu. The only pieces I am missing is a transparent orange headlight (3 out of 4), black minifigure hammer, light gray chain(replaced it with a dark gray chain), and ONE WHOLE minifigure, which is the mechanic guy. I still have both the instructions and the box, and both are in appalling conditions. Kudos to the pre-2000s lego sets like this one! Love 'em"], [1, 'Wow, good review! I used to love this old sets, as I was greatly fascinated by Inca and Aztec cultures, and the Mayans technological marvels astounded me. I was thrilled to death when Lego released little Aztec figures, so of course I jsut HAD to buy some Your narration with the sig fig was hilarious, and the review was all around wonderful, keep up the good work mate!'], [1, 'Thanks for the awesome review Voltio. El Conde is the man!'], [1, "Great review Voltio, I never actually owned this set but my friend does, He gave me some of the peices, but he burnt the base (don't know why)"], [1, 'I got this as a birthday gift when I turned 7 years old or so. I can still remember the big box with the brown bridge in its display! So many hours of fun. One of the most amazing sets I own. A lot of play value. A true classic!'], [1, "I had one of these! It was awesome, it went well with the zeppelin. I can't remember if the box was one of those fold up the lid ones though. Can't tell from the picture. Anyone want to jog my memory, I always thought the sets with the flap lids were the best, I kept those! Edited by GiantDinosaur, 26 September 2011 - 08:38 PM."], [0, "GiantDinosaur, on 26 September 2011 - 08:37 PM, said: I can't remember if the box was one of those fold up the lid ones though. Can't tell from the picture. Anyone want to jog my memory, I always thought the sets with the flap lids were the best, I kept those! Sure it was! It even had the brown bridge there!"], [1, 'voltio, on 26 May 2008 - 03:43 AM, said: I really like your blue GorillaPod camera stand in the background! Edited by Bubble, 30 January 2013 - 04:07 AM.'], [1, "Haha, I love seeing reviews where sigfigs and minifigures from the set present the set! I'm looking foward your next reviews! :D"], [0, 'The images are obsolete, please fix it.'], [1, "Welcome to Cardinal Brick's Review of 7736 It's a small set but as I bought it the other day I felt that it probably did merit a short review. The box is ofcourse far larger than necessary! There's plenty of air inside. The contence is one bag and the instruction booklet, you could proably build it inside the bag if the desire took you. We have one new coastguard with the slightly stubly head found in the castle range and a trans-clear visor. The build was challanging and arduious The final product is quite nice at one ?3.00 it's a good set only 50p more than an impulse set and with enough extra parts to justify the increase in the price. A good set for a little gift or so on, the buggy moves well. There's not that much to say really for I can't really think of additional models to build with the parts but then what do you expect for the price. Edited by Cardinal Brick, 26 May 2008 - 06:47 PM."], [1, "Thank you very much for the review, Cardinal Brick! That's indeed a very nice little set! Klaus-Dieter"], [1, "i recommend this lil set, it's a nice small set, and the vehicle does roll well. I'm sure many young builders would love it"], [0, 'i might buy a second one of that set, and build it in the bag. i just wanna prove that it is possible.'], [1, 'donneyboy, on Nov 27 2008, 08:40 PM, said: i might buy a second one of that set, and build it in the bag. i just wanna prove that it is possible. I bought 4 myself! Its like having a little beach fleet!'], [0, 'So i just piced up a new digital camera and i thought what better way to try it than doing a review of my newest set. The new 7738 Coast Guard Helicopter! itsmy first review, so go easy on me! lets start off with the small stuff. First the mini figs. You get 4 figs total. Two helicopter pilots, a diver and a civilan to rescue. The torso\'s are nothing new on the pilot and diver. Same ones as in the last coast guard line. But i like the colors alot better in this coast guard line than the previous generation. The yellow and blue really work well together and the coloring on the badge looks great! The civilian looks to be just a dock worker with an overall torso and a beenie. The diver has nice vented helmet and a pair of flippers that suits his duty perfect! Next we have an absolute work of lego art. The rescue raft! The orange flaps can be moved back for easy entry to the raft, as well as the white "support" beams with the caution tape. I put support in perenthaces cause they really don\'t support anything. Just there to fill in the gaps. At the top of the raft is a red locator beacon, ccommunications antenna, and a cargo loop for lifting the raft. lets move on to the interior of the raft. Not much here. But you can see the techinc beam that attaches to the top loop,and to the floor of the raft. So far this has proven to be very sturdy and has supported the full weight of the raft quite well. You can also see the white box that holds the equipment of the raft. Here you can see the life saver tube. Here\'s a shot with our dock worker peaking out the side. The raft says max ocupants 4, but with the storage box, that might be a tight fit. Now lets move on to the Helicopter! in my opinion this is one of the best helicopters TLC has come out with to date. I really felt they captured the look and proportions of a real Coast Guard helicopter. it uses a lower hull and tail section of the new airliner, and cargo airplane. It really seems to work well with this application. The engines have good detail using new "cheese graders" as vents, as well as the new engine stacks that come in the new speed racer sets. The rotors also appear to be new as well. lets move on to the cockpit. We have two seats for our pilots with a sticker sheet for intruments on a flat 4 wide plate. There\'s also an antena being used as a flight stick. Another shot with our pilots at the helm. Now lets moveon to the high lihgt of this heavy lifting machine. The med bay, and lifting winch. http://www.brickshel...icopter_020.jpg here you can see the winch arm at rest, along with the medical strechter. The bad part is that the med. strechter doesn\'t include the ussually included fold away wheels. here\'s a shot with the winch arm extened ready for rescue! In the second shot you can see the drum that the wire coils up in. It coils up via a recently new power functions "pull" back motor. To operate, just pull out the winch cable, hook on your load, and presse this orange button on the side... The bad part of the new power functions winch is that although its very smooth in its operation, its not very strong. It will only lift the raft a couple inches before it runs out of torque. It also has a tendency to want to pull the crane arm backin while its lifting. It doesn\'t matter if its a light load, or heavy load. The bay doors open on both sides for easy postioning of the figures and accses to the strechter. Here we have our diver looking over his rescue-e. Nice and roomy if you don\'t mind a crane arm being in your way!! At $39.99 and a peice count of 445, i felt this set was a great good considering what your getting. The raft construction is very creative and is probbly the highlight of the set by itself. The helicopter is probbly one of the best, if not the best helicopter TLC has ever came out with if you can get over its size. in a scale of one to five.... Price- Peice count- Playability- Design- overall- .5 I would have given it a full 5 out of five, but since the winch can\'t pull the raft all the way, it didn\'t fell it right. Even with this minor flaw, i still highly recomend this set!'], [1, "Wow. I was skeptical of this Coast Guard line. Though getting to see some detailed pictures of this set I really want to get get it. Alas, I have not the money to get it and it isn't available in my town. Oh well. Maybe I can catch it on a sale at some point. Good review!"], [1, 'Great Reveiw this is DEFINATLY one of the CG sets im geting i cant wait to get my hands on this set!'], [1, 'Great review 5150 Lego! The new camera was well worth it. You´ve got everything well done. I´m looking forward to your next review. meschepers, on May 27 2008, 06:22 AM, said: Wow. I was skeptical of this Coast Guard line. Though getting to see some detailed pictures of this set I really want to get get it. Same here. Maybe in two days I can see it in real.'], [1, 'This has gotta be the coolest chopper ever. I love it its so accurate plus your review is great because it shows all the inner details'], [1, 'Nice review. A must have for my city collection.'], [1, 'Great review! This does look like an excellent set; great chopper!'], [0, "Thank you very much for the nice review, 5150 Lego! The helicopter is - apart from that it is very, very big and that it does not include any interior - a very nice set . The most I like the life raft becuase it is simply . Nevertheless I don't know if I buy it (probably not) - but it's very nice! Two questions : -Where can you fasten the stretcher on to haul it up and down? -Is the motor working with batteries? Klaus-Dieter Edited by Klaus-Dieter, 28 May 2008 - 09:19 PM."], [0, "Great review, 5150. Although, you might want to resize your pictures before posting them so they don't take forever to load. Quote Wow. I was skeptical of this Coast Guard line. I was actually the complete opposite. Ever since I saw the first pictures, I fell in love with the whole line. The helicopter looks to be one of the two best in the line, right up with the 4WD and Jetski. Great job TLC, and I do hope you have something equally as great planned for next year."], [1, 'Very nice job on the review 5150!! I definitly like this set much better now that I have seen good pics of it. I am definitly picking this up as soon as I can. Again, great review . Model On!!'], [1, 'Great review! I will get this, but I will wait for a sale. Edited by ~VBBN~, 28 May 2008 - 10:54 PM.'], [1, "Thank you for that fine review of a really excellent set, 5150 Lego. I never saw a little 'juniorization' done that good before!"], [0, "Thanks everyone for the nice coments! Its nice to finaly have a camera that can take some decent photos! makes doing reviews much more enjoyable! Klaus-Dieter, on May 28 2008, 09:17 PM, said: Thank you very much for the nice review, 5150 Lego! The helicopter is - apart from that it is very, very big and that it does not include any interior - a very nice set . The most I like the life raft becuase it is simply . Nevertheless I don't know if I buy it (probably not) - but it's very nice! Two questions : -Where can you fasten the stretcher on to haul it up and down? -Is the motor working with batteries? Klaus-Dieter There is no real way to lift up the stretcher. Due to the crane arm being in the way there really isn't any room for any kind oflifting straps. The set does include a 1x2 plate with a hinge for the diver to stand on so at least he can hold on to someone, the crane lifts them up and then he can put them in the strechter. Thats my guess at least. As far as the motor, i don't believe it uses bateries since you pull out the motor, and all the button does is recoil the winch line back in. I have to say it does a very good job of that, and is very smooth. (as long as you don't have anything to heavy) One detail i forgot to meation is the shark. Its nothing new, just the basic shark lego has had around for nealy 2 decades, but it was a detail nothing less."], [1, "Nice review! The helicopter reminds a Sikorsky chopper,isn't it?"], [-1, 'I could tell from the pictures that a lot (maybe all) the designs on the raft were stickers. In the whole set are there any printed parts besides the torsos or is it all stickers?'], [-1, "All stickers i'm afraid. Though i'mnot a fan of stickers myself. Some sets (like Ferrari for example) take longer to put on than building the actual set. This one is not as sticker heavy as it seams though, and the ones that areon there really give the set that extra touch. Printed would have been preffered of course, but in this case i didn't mind it."], [0, "5150 Lego, on May 29 2008, 07:12 AM, said: Thanks everyone for the nice coments! Its nice to finaly have a camera that can take some decent photos! makes doing reviews much more enjoyable! There is no real way to lift up the stretcher. Due to the crane arm being in the way there really isn't any room for any kind oflifting straps. The set does include a 1x2 plate with a hinge for the diver to stand on so at least he can hold on to someone, the crane lifts them up and then he can put them in the strechter. Thats my guess at least. As far as the motor, i don't believe it uses bateries since you pull out the motor, and all the button does is recoil the winch line back in. I have to say it does a very good job of that, and is very smooth. (as long as you don't have anything to heavy) One detail i forgot to meation is the shark. Its nothing new, just the basic shark lego has had around for nealy 2 decades, but it was a detail nothing less. Thank you very much for that information, 5150 Lego!"], [0, "That's a very nice set. I'm having my doubts about getting it though still. The overall shape and size of the helicopter remind me of the real-life CH-53 military cargo helicopter. A very nice review. You've got the photography down very well I feel. Perhaps a bit of nitpicking but at the end where you assign a rating, if you do a rating with faces (which is fine by me) you may want to seperate the faces by a line. Otherwise it may become too crowded to the eye."], [1, "This is a very good review, thank you! But I have some questions about the grey new parts in the life raft. Are they 1x1 like their counterparts with the clips or 1x2? And can they be held by a minifig by the handle? If so, these could be very useful for brick-build weapons & tools! Also, I'm looking forward to some orange ETA 2 Jedi Interceptor MOCs now! Who wants to be the first to make one? BTW, which Jedi has an orange ETA 2?"], [0, 'Oky Wan Kenobi, on May 30 2008, 09:19 PM, said: But I have some questions about the grey new parts in the life raft. Are they 1x1 like their counterparts with the clips or 1x2? And can they be held by a minifig by the handle? (...) BTW, which Jedi has an orange ETA 2? I guess it should work with MFs.... Hmm.... I think it´s Count Citrus....'], [-1, "I'm rather fond of helicopters and have built many different types. This doesn't really remind me of any particular model, other than perhaps an EH. 101 Merlin and even that resemblance is very superficial. Just for the record: this is a Sikorsky Sea King and this is a Sikorsky MH-53 (a derivation of the CH-53). The only resemblance I see with the former is the colour scheme and with the latter the fact that it's got a fat rear-end, sponsons and six blades. It doesn't matter though, because I really like it. The colour scheme is great, the shape is nice, it's got quite a bit of detail and I just have to get my hands on the cockpit window and those new rotor blades. When I first saw the large aircraft pieces a few years ago I figured they were very much single-use parts, but the tail end doesn't look too bad. Pretty clever. I like the raft too. It really does look like the real deal. That the helicopter can't lift it really isn't an issue, because in real life they wouldn't lift the raft either. They'd use the rescue hoist to lift the occupants of the raft into the helicopter one by one (or perhaps in pairs). Imagine a storm with a helicopter hovering over tall waves with a big fat raft strung from a cable underneath it. The raft would catch a lot of wind and flop around quite a bit, causing it to loose all its occupants and also yanking the helicopter around, possibly causing the pilot to loose control and crash. Bad idea! Cheers, Ralph Edited by Ralph_S, 30 May 2008 - 11:09 PM."], [-1, 'I noticed that you said the torsos are the same as the last line; the last line had orange torsos, this one has yellow torsos. -Chuck'], [1, "Thanks for the review! This set looks great and I really wish I had the money to buy the entire line. But unfortunately, I don't. I love the way TLC used the wing parts to the Jedi Interceptor for the life raft - very well thought of. Anyhow, great review!"], [1, "What an outstanding copter! I love it. The orange looks fantastic. This is probably Lego's best copter to date. Thanks for sharing the review. I would definately recommend that you downsize your pictures a bit though."], [1, 'I will certainly add this one to my collection, i already own every other rescue helicopter and i have a feeling this will be the best. Just love how its completely enclosed, thanks for the review.'], [-1, "Set ref: 7888 Name: The Tumbler: Joker's Ice Cream Suprise Number of minifigs: 3 Number of pieces: 449 Price: 59,95€ Front of the box: Back of the box: The comic: Close: Something: What's in the box: The set: The set with the box: Extra parts: Stickers: Clear: The time: Minifigs: Extra pics: You'll push the ice thing and then... It shoots! And icy thing: The fire thing is not falling, clever TLC The bag with batarangs: The Final Verdict: 9.4/10 Figures: 9/10 Playability: 9.2/10 Build: 8.7/10 Pieces: 8/10 Omg, what a great set, this one of the best batman lego sets this year! I verry like this set! But there is one problem, too much stickers, and maby i like the van of the joker more! I hope you enjoyed my review! And sorry for those blurry pics, but the good pics are new, and the old pics are blurry, i didn't have time to picture everythinh again! Who Want's The Second Riddle? Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 11:43 AM."], [0, 'Great review ???theriddiler??? Is that a NEW batman torso!? Edited by Oli212Lego, 28 May 2008 - 12:13 PM.'], [0, "Thanks, and yes that is a new torso! Soon the 7886 wil be reviewd! Who Want's The Second Riddle? Edited by ???theriddler???, 28 May 2008 - 02:11 PM."], [1, "This looks like the best of the new bat sets. It was also in the movie; don't know why they didn't make it sooner."], [1, 'Thanks for the nice review, ???theriddler???. A neat and funny ice cream truck and a pretty detailed yet perhaps a little big tumbler. An overall cool set for sure!'], [0, "Thanks for the review Riddler. Your pics are a bit blurry though, if you want them a bit better you should sit your camera on a hard surface so you don't wobble it as much I love the Tumbler, though it is quite massive, but either way I'll be glad to get it. The figs in my opinion are really bad, Joker should atleast have a different suit. Oh well, it's worth it for that awesome van, and instance where the stickers are totally worth it. Thanks again! Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Thanks all, but so little replies , but my HQ is sent now, i'll hope and think the set wil be arived tomorow! Who Want's The Second Riddle?"], [-1, "???theriddler???, on May 29 2008, 02:54 PM, said: Who Want's The Second Riddle? Bring it on, oh mysterious puzzler.... Perhaps it could help a little if you would resize the pics for your next one, with all that automatic resizing going on it needs quite some time for the site to load.... in this context, to see two pics of your clock was perhaps a little odd too...."], [1, "Great looking set, loved the review, pictures were good... sometimes blury but I think I will pick this up after I get the rest of the KOTCS sets. Riddler a tip I learned in photoclass is to take a breath in and hold it while pushing the shutter so you don't accidentally move while breathing. I thought it was silly, but it does work. Again Great review! Looking forward to more..."], [0, "Oke thanks for the tips, but you see that not blurry pics, i've taken them later, so now it will be totaly great pics! Who Want's The Second Riddle?"], [1, "???theriddler???, on May 29 2008, 12:22 PM, said: Oke thanks for the tips, but you see that not blurry pics, i've taken them later, so now it will be totaly great pics! Who Want's The Second Riddle? Excellent review! This and the other four Batman sets are must buys."], [0, 'Uncle Joker\'s cheap Technic Missile surprise Great Review, however, there isn\'t much appeal to the set after you see what the "surprise" is, though I can modify the truck to have an evil gas-ice cream making interior'], [1, 'I love batman'], [-1, 'the stickers ruin the tumbler but the truck is very good if it was cheaper id get it'], [0, 'I am gonna have to pick this up, what a grand representation of the Tumbler and it would be my first Joker minifigure. My Lego Bat-Life is looking up! )TNR('], [0, "Looks like a nice set, thanks for the review! I can't get over how enormous the Tumbler is, they should have made it smaller (the price too )I fthey did that and threw in a Dark Knight Joker and henchman I would totally buy it. Enjoy your new set! darthperson"], [1, "I think this is a great set, great price and really detailed Tumbler, which looks exactly like the tumbler in the movie. The only problem I have is the joker's hair piece."], [1, 'Thanks for the review, ??theriddler??! I am going to see if this set is at meijer, and I will buy it if it is. And I am reviewing the Harley truck right now, and I will post a review later.'], [1, 'I have been thinking about buying this set just for the tumbler, And now I am sold one more set for the shelf. Great review!'], [1, 'Nice review M8. Shame that most of the pictures are blurry but nonetheless. Just wanted to say that out of all my Lego sets, this one, 7888 is the best. The Tumbler is so cool once it is put together! Those four huge wheels at the back make it quite unique! If you do not have this set I highly recomend it. Edited by 4olic, 30 August 2009 - 02:59 PM.'], [1, "4olic, on Aug 28 2009, 04:59 AM, said: Nice review M8. Shame that most of the pictures are blurry but nonetheless. Just wanted to say that out of all my Lego sets, this one, 7888 is the best. The Tumbles is so cool once it is put together! Those four huge wheels at the back make it quite unique! If you do not have this set I highly recomend it. Please don't reply to year old topics, It will get the admins annoyed, and that's not good. I see that your new though so... Welcome to Eurobricks! But I recommend not doing it again. Orn Out EDIT: Crap, I KANT SPEL MAH OWN NAEM Orion Out Edited by Orion123, 28 August 2009 - 05:19 PM."], [1, "4olic, on Aug 28 2009, 06:59 AM, said: If you do not have this set I highly recomend it. If I could, I would. Trust me. I haven't seen one with figs for under $200. Looking at this review actually makes me sad."], [0, 'Orion123, on Aug 29 2009, 12:17 AM, said: Please don\'t reply to year old topics, It will get the admins annoyed, and that\'s not good. I see that your new though so... Welcome to Eurobricks! But I recommend not doing it again. Reviving old topic is fine, "if" the member has something valid or constructive to add into the discussion that has not expired in any forms. In this case, he is commenting on the review and adding his views into it. Such actions doesn\'t really get the staff annoyed. On the other hand, please take a look at this topic for better explaination. Thanks. WhiteFang'], [1, 'Thank you for clearing that up I felt that it was OK to review an old topic, as stated, rather than just go ahead and start a new one. A shame that this set, as all other Batman sets, have gone up so highly in value but still all things considering (general after market Lego price hikes) it is still a wonderfull set even with its market value today (that is if you can ignore the MRSP).'], [0, "I too thought the Joker's van was the pleasant surprise of this set. The Tumbler looks good yes, until you see it in person... it's grossly oversized. They should have made it closer to a regular car size (like the movie), because this one is a monster."], [1, "I bought this off ebay, while not having been collecting space as a child, it was mainly Wild West and City... I have decided, upon reading KDog's M:Tron Bar Brawl Mania strip in his Space Comic, to buy as many M:Tron sets and figures I could find.. except I got distracted and bought some different sets as well... To start off with, here's a picture of the box: Here's a general shot showing the entire set: A front view: The buggy: Another shot of the buggy without the minifig: The flyer: The flyer without the Minifig: M:Tron crate with some equipment and hoses, I don't know the use of the hoses though : The cockpit open: The cockpit closed with the crew: The Magnetic crane: Another shot of the Crane: Rear View with Hatch open: One of the side slots that can carry either the Buggy or the Flyer: Top view of this excellent Vehicle: Excellent for getting Spyrius or Blacktron out of your way : Final shot: Excellent set, one of the biggest space ground vehicles and one of the best sets made by LEGO. Undoubtably better than it's newer counterpart the MT-101 Armored Drilling unit.... A great addition to any collection and has a lot of cool neat features that make it have a lot of playability. Simply excellent! Five out of Five!"], [0, "Great find and thanks for the review. Inertia, on May 28 2008, 11:08 PM, said: Undoubtably better than it's newer counterpart the MT-101 Armored Drilling unit.... Care to explain why? Personally I think that aside from the colour scheme the new one is far better. Why? Suspension, more enclosed cockpits, bug-like appearence.... I suppose it's a matter of personal opinion though."], [1, 'Great Review of a great set. I always figured the hoses were welding torches (attached to jetpacks, yeah!) as the whole thing had the vibe of a mobile repair center. Much like many of my favorite sets, this one has a base of simple bricks and plates and then from that solid foundation the rest is built out to be decorative or have the action features. This gives sets a very solid feel as demonstrated in this set, the first Snowspeeder, and Galaxy Explorer. The MM Armored Drilling Unit has a more technic base giving it a less solid appearance and though I like the set, that jet that luanches from the back is horrible, partially because of the useless orange containment things. The Mega Core has a nifty crane instead of a big useless jet. -Tohst'], [1, "Sinner, on May 28 2008, 02:35 PM, said: Care to explain why? The MCM has a pure weight of parts that I find hard to quantify but love... It is just so dense when you build it, full of nice surprises, no technique required, and a wonderful stearing mechanism that I rank as more important than the suspension of the mars version. This thing was meant to crush anyway, who needs suspension? I also like the way you never felt that the M-trons deserved a base after building this, it was that good... The colour scheme was perfect... It's space and I like it... enough said Great review BTW God Bless, Nathan Naturally you're entitled to your inferior opinion..."], [0, "Norro, on May 29 2008, 01:30 AM, said: It's space and I like it... enough said Indeed! Norro standing up for a space set!"], [1, "Thanks for those wonderful pictures and congrats! I think buying this on eBay was a good decision! I have no M:Tron sets at all, but I like the MCM very much. It's just a wonderfully big set with many nice detials. Lots of playing possibilities! I wish I had it too."], [0, "Fun review, thanks! Kinda sad to think that with TLC's recent ban on magnets in their products, we'll never see an M:Tron revival ..."], [0, "I love the design of the front canopy of this set, but I always felt that they could have done more with the rest of the model. This set is good candidate for customization though. There is quite a bit on unused space inside, especially in the middle section. I want to try putting a Technic-style engine into mine at some point, along with the necessary gearing. I got my MCM brand new off ebay some years ago for a pretty good price, but the box was very worn out and the big trans-neon panel, which floats freely inside the box, was a bit damaged. As for the hose/jetpack things, I always assumed that they were either welding torches or flamethrowers. Take your pick. Quote Kinda sad to think that with TLC's recent ban on magnets in their products First time I've heard of that. What are they going to do for the train couplings?"], [0, "CP5670, on May 28 2008, 08:52 PM, said: First time I've heard of that. What are they going to do for the train couplings? New couplings are going to be available soon. There is a thread with pictures of the new couplings here."], [1, "Joebot, on May 28 2008, 07:31 PM, said: Kinda sad to think that with TLC's recent ban on magnets in their products Since when is that? The new train couplings have magnets, only with a special casing. Anyways, M:tron is one of the greatest space factions, with mega core magnetiser as my favourite set of these guys (even though I do not own it ). The only thing that bothers me is the lack of (reachable) controls for the minifigs to drive their vehicles (but iirc it is the same with a lot of other space-sets as well)"], [0, "Fluyt, on May 28 2008, 01:56 PM, said: Since when is that? The new train couplings have magnets, only with a special casing. You're right, I should have clarified -- it's the old loose magnets that apparently are being discontinued, not all magnets altogether. As you noted, the new train couplings still have magnets, but they appear to be permanently attached to a fairly large housing, which I guess will prevent kids from eating them. But the old M:Tron round magnet pieces are presumably discontinued."], [0, "Sinner, on May 28 2008, 11:35 PM, said: Care to explain why? Personally I think that aside from the colour scheme the new one is far better. Why? Suspension, more enclosed cockpits, bug-like appearence.... I suppose it's a matter of personal opinion though. I Just thought that the MT-101 was very skeletal and couldn't really steer that well, although I do like it. Also the MCM has a better design, in my view, as the wheels are closer together, making it look a lot more tankish than the MT-101. Also space in the rear isn't wasted on having a shuttle. CP5670, on May 29 2008, 02:52 AM, said: As for the hose/jetpack things, I always assumed that they were either welding torches or flamethrowers. Take your pick. Hmm.... Well they don't have much else to defend themselves with, and I think in the UK the MCM was marketed as a Mobile Recovery Center. Fluyt, on May 29 2008, 03:56 AM, said: Anyways, M:tron is one of the greatest space factions, with mega core magnetiser as my favourite set of these guys (even though I do not own it ). The only thing that bothers me is the lack of (reachable) controls for the minifigs to drive their vehicles (but iirc it is the same with a lot of other space-sets as well) yeah they could have used the normal levers instead of the pronged two piece things at the front of the cockpit. But there is certainly a lot to mod. Joebot, on May 29 2008, 04:25 AM, said: But the old M:Tron round magnet pieces are presumably discontinued. Shoot... guess that BL and eBay are the only sources now... Thanks for your input!"], [0, 'Thanks for the review, maybe I can pick one off eBay.'], [0, "It looks like you're right about the old magnets. I got a few off PAB two months ago but they no longer have them. I guess I should grab some while they're still widely available on Bricklink, as they can be useful in a number of situations. On a side note, one interesting thing about this set is that it seemingly had two US/Canada names, Mega Core Magnetizer and Multi Core Magnetizer. Brickset, Lugnet and all the other sites I've seen call it Mega, but I have some North American catalogs from that time period that call it Multi and the box also says Multi on it. I actually didn't know the Mega name at all until many years after the M:Tron line."], [1, 'This does look alot better than the new MM drilling tank. Great work!'], [0, "Inertia, on May 29 2008, 08:44 AM, said: I Just thought that the MT-101 was very skeletal and couldn't really steer that well, although I do like it. Also the MCM has a better design, in my view, as the wheels are closer together, making it look a lot more tankish than the MT-101. Also space in the rear isn't wasted on having a shuttle. Thanks for an answer. I'll shut up now so we can focus on your review..."], [0, "zero1312, on May 29 2008, 08:22 AM, said: Thanks for the review, maybe I can pick one off eBay. Yeah, I got this for only like 19 pounds, pretty cheap. It's a great set! CP5670, on May 29 2008, 08:55 AM, said: It looks like you're right about the old magnets. I got a few off PAB two months ago but they no longer have them. I guess I should grab some while they're still widely available on Bricklink, as they can be useful in a number of situations. On a side note, one interesting thing about this set is that it seemingly had two US/Canada names, Mega Core Magnetizer and Multi Core Magnetizer. Brickset, Lugnet and all the other sites I've seen call it Mega, but I have some North American catalogs from that time period that call it Multi and the box also says Multi on it. I actually didn't know the Mega name at all until many years after the M:Tron line. Hmm... I've never seen it listed as Multi, but now I guess it has three names, strange that M:Tron is basically the only Space theme that had different names depending on region... Clonecommando007, on May 29 2008, 10:11 AM, said: This does look alot better than the new MM drilling tank. Great work! Yeah, I should take a comparison, yet the boxart on the MT-101 was pretty cool. Sinner, on May 29 2008, 12:29 PM, said: Thanks for an answer. I'll shut up now so we can focus on your review... It's okay, I have a question kind of not related to the review.. Is there still a Space Review/Moc index now that Docking bay has closed? Thanks again!"], [0, "Inertia, on May 29 2008, 06:11 PM, said: It's okay, I have a question kind of not related to the review.. Is there still a Space Review/Moc index now that Docking bay has closed? No, but we (especially imperialshadows) are working on new indexes. Supposedly the space one was my job..."], [0, "Sinner, on May 29 2008, 05:20 PM, said: No, but we (especially imperialshadows) are working on new indexes. Supposedly the space one was my job... Okay, just don't forget this when it goes up, I like self promotion. I have about 10 old space sets coming in from ebay and gonna review them soon as well. so that should be some good additions to the index when it goes up! thanks!"], [1, 'I really enjoyed the nostalgia review of the M-Tron Mega Core Magnetizer. This was the first wave of space lego i didnt get when i was a kid, though i remember looking at this set in the shops. I stopped with blacktron1 and space police. I look forward to more reviews once your ebay stuff arrives Cheers ISC'], [1, "Thanks for that fine review of a really classic and impressive M:Tron set, Inertia! Tohst, on May 28 2008, 04:55 PM, said: The MM Armored Drilling Unit has a more technic base giving it a less solid appearance (...) Yeah.... it´s pretty sad, some of these new sets just look very cool at the outside, but appear to be hollow and blank at the inside, especially with the annoying use of studless technic beams. To MOD these sets often means to change the whole inner frame, leaving us with a bunch of IMHO not really very useful parts. It´s not a very honorable marketing strategy to produce set designs that´re aimed to look impressive and cool on the box art, but´re pretty useless in their inner structures. Of course I don´t want to offend some Technic lovers, and although I always was more the System kind of guy, why can´t they just use some technic beams with studs at least? I grew up with 'just imagine', with pictures of alternative models on the box, and I don´t think it´s that easy, especially for younger kids, to MOD some of these terrific blown-up sets like it once was with sets like this one here.... Implosion off!"], [0, 'Asuka, on May 30 2008, 02:17 AM, said: Of course I don´t want to offend some Technic lovers, and although I always was more the System kind of guy, why can´t they just use some technic beams with studs at least? That\'s because of cost. The older beams needed a four sided mold, and the newer ones need only a two. LEGO do seem to be using both types more as of late though. Asuka, on May 30 2008, 02:17 AM, said: I grew up with \'just imagine\', with pictures of alternative models on the box, and I don´t think it´s that easy, especially for younger kids, to MOD some of these terrific blown-up sets like it once was with sets like this one here.... Implosion off! I\'ve never heard an official word (...perhaps I should raise a topic...) but I think that they don\'t show them any more because it became a support nightmare. What do I mean? I bet TLG was tired of letters and calls saying "Timmy can\'t make this model shown on the box. Can you send instructions and the extra parts..." I know that for some recent models they were designed but not published. How do I know this? The creator said so!'], [0, 'Sinner, on May 30 2008, 01:38 AM, said: That\'s because of cost. (...) I\'ve never heard an official word (...perhaps I should raise a topic...) but I think that they don\'t show them any more because it became a support nightmare. What do I mean? I bet TLG was tired of letters and calls saying "Timmy can\'t make this model shown on the box. Can you send instructions and the extra parts..." Of course it´s a money issue.... my question was more rhetorical. But I still don´t like how they sacrifice inherent set design on the altar of cost saving efforts. To be even more correct, I don´t understand why they try to make extraordinary cool looking sets with a pretty weak \'inner life\'. Yeah, they want to sell sets with something that looks exciting on the box art, but.... LEGO was (and fortunately, is, with many recent sets too) always more than just an impressive spaceship or S.F. tank vehicle.... it´s the sum of the set itself and its parts and what you can do with it that makes out the full fun of it. The best thing you can do with a new set, beside some UCS sets perhaps, is to MOD the set according to your own likings. This is where \'just imagine\' begins, and how kids start to learn how to MOC, at least it was like that to me.... Individualizing official sets, and looking on some cool alternative models gave me my first ideas and helped my imagination and skills to grow, back in these days when I was a wee child. Books, movies and t.v. series as a source of inspiration just came a little later.... I can see many people complaining about how to make the alternative models, yes, but just stop using them on the box art´s a very poor solution and a dangerous one too, at least in long terms. Of course I know that you know all these things too, Sinner. I just think it´s a shame, and a risk too, because TLC´s perhaps sacrificing more than they might know by yet.... Building with bricks is the main attraction of LEGO, not just some cool crafts to play around with.... others can do this too and maybe better than TLC. If the kids of today ever forget about the fascination of being imaginative, TLC´ll only lose in the end.'], [0, "I've heard that the Alien Moon Stalker was called the Thunderfoot Launcher somewhere. Ah, yes. Here. http://news.lugnet.c...n=51449&t=i&v=a Edited by Iron Moose, 30 May 2008 - 02:05 AM."], [1, 'Asuka, on May 30 2008, 01:17 AM, said: Thanks for that fine review of a really classic and impressive M:Tron set, Inertia! I was in debt to the set, it\'s so good I just had to make a review, It got here, I built it then took pictures Maybe I should buy another... Sinner, on May 30 2008, 08:38 AM, said: I\'ve never heard an official word (...perhaps I should raise a topic...) but I think that they don\'t show them any more because it became a support nightmare. What do I mean? I bet TLG was tired of letters and calls saying "Timmy can\'t make this model shown on the box. Can you send instructions and the extra parts..." I know that for some recent models they were designed but not published. How do I know this? The creator said so! Hmm... I think my parents probably contributed to that when I was younger . Anyway, now because of the glorius creation of the Internet we can share the instructions... Or make them. Iron Moose, on May 30 2008, 10:00 AM, said: I\'ve heard that the Alien Moon Stalker was called the Thunderfoot Launcher somewhere. Ah, yes. Here. http://news.lugnet.c...n=51449&t=i&v=a Ah, that\'s interesting, I wonder why they do that?'], [1, 'This super set contains many of the city sets you can get for your mini city hospital. The smallest set is the 7902 car with a doctor. I thought it looked a bit too slow. Here is a car you can build with the same bricks. The instruction manual for the ambulance does contain a picture of an alternate model, but it is actually quite hard to build something significantly different. This sets lacks some SNOT-bricks, so I had to be a little more creative and came up with this ambulance. It is more a hearse than an ambulance. The helicopter has a lot of slopes, so I built a speed boat for those special emergencies. Unlike the first two sets, I used far from all the bricks in this. This set does really have some great parts. The brickshelf gallery with some more pictures. Is anyone up to the challenge and build some alternate models of the last set in the super pack - The hospital?'], [1, 'A great and very creative work, I especially like the speed boat and the smaller car, just splendid!'], [0, 'Thank you very much Asuka, but I get the hint. Last.'], [1, "These are great! I especially love the speed boat and your ambulance reminds me of Ecto -1! (I would take you up on your challenge but I don't own the hospital. It seemed overpriced to me...)"], [1, "Brilliant, a huge amount of creativity there. To do what you did with such limited piece counts is exceptional. They're at least as good as most of the alternate models Lego show on sets."], [1, 'Harley & Mistah J. I want to preface my review by admitting that I’m an unrepentant Harley Quinn fanboy. I’ve been enamored with the character since she first appeared in Batman: The Animated Series back in the 90’s, and I’ve since followed her misadventures through her introduction into the regular Batman series during No Man’s Land, into her own series, and even on the short-lived and not-so-good Birds of Prey TV show. So please excuse any pro-Harley bias. So, down to business. The 267 piece set retails for $30 US ($35 at Toys R Us) and builds up very fast and easy. It consists of Batman’s Bat Cycle, Harley’s Hammer Truck, and brand new Batman and Harley Quinn Minifigs. There is also no lack of weapons. In addition to the usual bag of Bat-accessories and guns, the set also comes with a pair of gray revolvers. Batman in this set has the new “armor” torso print and the hips are the same color as the legs, hinting that this is supposed to represent the movie style Batsuits more so then the traditional comic book “underwear over tights” look. Harley Quinn is a very cool looking Minifig, and I haven’t grinned so much at a new Batman character figure since my first Batman Minifig a couple years ago. The figure is very true to the character, and the torso has been accented with a few shape lines to try and distinguish her as a female despite the boxy body. Harley’s jester cap is an interesting new piece. It seems (to me at least) to be made of a slightly different grade of plastic then we’re used to. It’s molded in red and painted with black and white, and it comes packed in its own separate little baggie. I expect that this piece may have cost LEGO a little more then usual to produce. Harley also has a buildable accessory, a giant mallet. Sure, she can’t stand up all that well unless it’s held in specific ways, but it’s neat and most importantly, it’s funny. It’s especially fun for smacking the everloving crap out of other Minifigs with. The Bat Cycle is in bag number one and is a very fast build. This isn’t some little Japanese sport bike like Nightwing’s cycle. This monster is almost a car and seems to pack just the right amount of intimidation for the Caped Crusader to exploit. Thanks to the thick tires (two in front, one in back) it stands up just fine on its own and rolls very well. The huge exhaust pipes are a nice touch and give the thing a look of engine power. The only real flaw is the inclusion of the flick-fire missiles mounted on the sides. But, as with any LEGO model, they can be easily left out without hurting the look of the vehicle. The hammer truck is the bulk of this set and a lot more fun then it looks. Of the monster truck persuasion, the vehicle is designed and built with a surprising level of solidity. The axle mounts are particularly impressive. The big wheels and tires just beg you to drive this thing right over the Bat Cycle (or Batman). The mega-mallet gimmick is also a surprise. Not so much for its technical complexity, there isn’t any really, but for the fact that once you start turning the knob at the rear to swing the mallet back and forth, it’s really a lot of fun. There are some low points to the truck design. Again the flick-fire missiles are tacked on and there’s a cargo crate/bed set into the back for Harley’s loot of jewels. The crate would have looked a lot better molded in black. In brown it breaks up the look of the truck a little. Speaking of which, the look of the truck is very pleasing. The red and black Harley Quinn color scheme works really well on the vehicle. There are a few stickers here, and unfortunately, the diamond patterned ones are applied over multiple bricks. The rest, however, are great. Not only does she have an “I Love Joker” bumper sticker, but she has a Joker playing card taped to her dash, I guess serving as a picture of her beloved Puddin’. There is also a sticker for activation of the hammer, which boldly shouts HIT ME! This is a fun set. A neat new Batman vehicle and a big truck with lots of playability. The Harley Minifig is a must-have for any Bat-Fan and, if you only get one of the Batman sets this year, I’d recommend this one. The price versus piece-count on this set is a little bit of a deterrent though. This might not be the best set for collectors on a budget or people looking for something completely new and innovative, but anyone buying this for a child can rest assured that the kid will get your money’s worth out of the set through its play value. When added together and averaged out, the pros and cons of this set combine to give it a score of out of 5. Even if Harley herself is a clean 6 out of 5'], [0, 'Darn you! Making us wait like this. Meanie.'], [0, "Why must you taunt us?! Just kidding, can't wait for the review and to see a detailed view of Ms. Harley Quinn! Ryan"], [0, 'Why!?'], [0, 'What a showman!, Guess you have to get in before someone else does the review! Looking forward to the review....'], [0, 'Looking forward to the review, this looks to be the best of the new Batsets. Funnily enough, it took me a while to realise Ms Quinn whacking Deino was not on the boxart Batbrick Away!'], [0, "I Scream Clone, on May 29 2008, 01:00 AM, said: Guess you have to get in before someone else does the review! You got it! More then a few times I've gotten halfway through the whole photo, editing, and writing process only to see someone else post something before I'm fully done. So I've learned to call dibs"], [0, 'Darn I was going to review this set. I gues my review will be second.'], [0, 'I look forward to seeing the review. Novelty sized hammer ON!'], [0, "Review...Hurry! Quick! You've got us on the edge of our seats with suspense!"], [0, 'Thanks Deino! BTW, I told my psychiatrist to send you the bill....'], [0, "Monday my review, i hope you like that one also! But i can't wait for your review. Who Want's The Second Riddle?"], [1, "I bought this set too, didn't get a chance to put it together yet. But the Harley fig is awesome! Anyway, looking forward to your review."], [-1, "Quote Looking forward to the review, this looks to be the best of the new Batsets. *gasp* Are you kidding me? Honestly, I hate this set. The batbike looks far too blocky, and that Hammer Truck looks super shoddy and thrown together. The only real reason I'd get it at all would be for the Harely Quinn figure - but I'd probably just get her separately on Bricklink. Besides, the Tumbler and Robin's Jetski sets look far better to me. They actually seem to have great vehicle designs. No new villian figures, I know, but still some great old ones. Er, wait a minute... oh yeah, hope your review gives the real scoop on this kit, Deino."], [1, "Grevious, on May 30 2008, 05:03 AM, said: *gasp* Are you kidding me? Honestly, I hate this set. The batbike looks far too blocky, and that Hammer Truck looks super shoddy and thrown together. The only real reason I'd get it at all would be for the Harely Quinn figure - but I'd probably just get her separately on Bricklink. Besides, the Tumbler and Robin's Jetski sets look far better to me. They actually seem to have great vehicle designs. No new villian figures, I know, but still some great old ones. Er, wait a minute... oh yeah, hope your review gives the real scoop on this kit, Deino. The batbike may look blocky, but the Hammer Truck is by no means thrown together. Read the instructions, it actually has a great assembly. Add into the fact it has Harley, great wheels, a modable Batbike, awesome stickers and awesome pieces and I'd say this was a win. The Penguin is a bit of a repeat and the Tumbler is too big for me. Either way, it's a great set, Batman 08 wasn't nearly as bad as I thought it would be, which is great. Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Thanks all, i hope my HQ wil arive today, and Deinonychus i don't wanna do stupid to you but must i do also a review of the HQ set, i want to do that also a review of HQ without the blurry pics. Who Want's The Second Riddle?"], [1, "Harley, the fig, is amazing. Love that hat. Batcycle, meh...ok. Truck: Flick fire missiles!!?!?? Lego have you no sanity! Sure they're great but you're putting them on every single action set!! Hammer thingy; win. Nice truck! Great review!"], [1, "A very nice review, thanks Deinonychus. That Batcycle looks pretty neat.... like a Hells Bats Angels version of that tumbler, a really nifty idea. The truck looks simply sweet, a smooth design and, this time, TLC´s new habit of vehicle oversizing just works very fine. A wonderful and very comical vehicle indeed! And Harley.... oh my, this bill I´ll have to pay for myself.... Clonecommando007, on May 30 2008, 02:22 PM, said: Truck: Flick fire missiles!!?!?? Lego have you no sanity! Sure they're great but you're putting them on every single action set!! Yeah.... this starts to become a little annoying. These things simply don´t work in a that much satisfying way.... when I was a child all I needed to play with my MFs were some old fashioned Classic Space blasters.... zoom zoom, zzzaaap.... honestly, do they really think that this tiny rockets deliver that much fun?? Just imagine on!"], [-1, '"So, down to business. The 267 piece set retails for $30 US" What? But it\'s £30 in the UK! Why, Lego, why?'], [1, "My set has arived! And i have build it, what a nice thing! Anyone want a review for me? Without blurry pics . Who Want's The Second Riddle?"], [0, "The '08 Batman sets look like a step up from the somewhat lackluster '07 sets. This looks like a very fun set with a whimsical sense of style very fitting with Harley Quinn's character. The price isn't great, but I guess you gotta pay for that Batman logo. On the downside ... I am so over the good buy vehicle vs. bad guy vehicle concept. I really wish TLC would get over this. You see it throughout the product line -- Batman, Castle, Mission to Mars, etc."], [0, "Thanks for that great and creative review! ) Could you, plese make a picture of HQ's back? ) Goiod day, gentlemen! )"], [1, "Thanks for the review, great set, definitely the first of the Batman sets I'll be getting. I love the truck and the Batbike isn't as bad as I thought it was, a win for me. Batbrick Away!"], [1, "This set looks really fun! The figs are sweet, can't wait to see that Jester in the flesh. Of course, the Jester I'm talking about is the castle one but that doesn't mean Harley isn't a sweet fig! Thanks for that awesome review, Deinonychus! ~Peace"], [1, 'Thanks for the review Deinonychus! This is an awesome set, It may just be my first Batman set'], [1, 'Hi all, so I was at "The Wal-Mart" yesterday and had the munchies and was looking for something to eat. Somewhere along the line, I stopped caring about food and decided to browse the toy department to see what they had Lego-wise. Usually, they have jack squat, but on this particular day they had a lot of new sets. I impulsively picked this set up, along with Harley Quinn\'s Hammer Truck and the new little campsite from the Indy 4 line. I must say, when I first saw images of this set I wasn\'t exactly thrilled or anything. I mean, I didn\'t really see anything particularly special about it, but after purchasing it, I must admit that I would consider it a must buy for any Lego fan. But enough babbling about myself. Onward with the review (my first of an official set)! In this picture, you can see everything you get with the set. I thought the box-art was pretty nice looking. The manual, on the other hand, took somewhat of a beating within the box, a common problem with most more recent sets. I do have to say that I wish they would at least make some effort in fixing this. They could just make a little thin cardboard "folder" to minimize bending and tears. For Batman minifig collector\'s, the highlight of this set are the Robin and Penguin figs. Previously, you could only get them in the pricey Bat-Cave set, but this set provides a much cheaper alternative. One thing you will notice, however, is that Robin\'s hairpiece is a new mold, as it is actually a black version of Mutt\'s hair (from the Indy 4 line). Personally, I think it actually looks better than the hairpiece used on the older version of Robin. As the Batcave had before it, this set comes with some bricks to make two cute (but deadly) penguins. They help add more charm to an already charming set. When you\'re finished building, you\'ll end up with a nice little assortment of extra parts; 1 black "cheese slope," 3 1x1 tile (black, yellow and white), a revolver, a technic pin, and a 1x1 red round plate. Here\'s Robin\'s Scuba Jet. It\'s nice and sleek looking. Notable parts of interest would probably be the green turbine engines. My only complaint on this one would have to be the use of decals on the 2x2 round yellow tiles. For that type of a part, printing seems as though it would have been the best way to go. Now for, in my opinion, the best part of the set...the Penguin\'s sub. This set has more decals than Robin\'s Scuba Jet, but they seem more necessary in this case. I actually wanted to put the decal\'s on the sub, as I think the it looks great with them. Obviously, it looks like a penguin, but wow, does it ever do it with style! It has a lot of interactive features, the first of which I will mention, being the periscope which raises up and down. And for the collectors of parts in new colors, it has a few parts in medium orange?, such as 2x2 tile. Here\'s a shot of the bottom of the sub. Another nifty little feature is how you can lift the top off and fit the penguin inside. And there is enough room inside, so that you can firmly place top on again, and without interference to the movement of the periscope. Another little feature is the rear spring-loaded missile. You just tilt the small lever toward the front of the sub, and it fires. And the last small feature are the flick-missiles on each side. Overall, this is a great set with a lot to offer for a decent price. A lot of fans might view the only drawback to it as being the use of decals, but if you plan on keeping the kit together they make it look really fantastic. Buy it if you can. Matt Edited by imperialshadows, 01 June 2008 - 11:42 AM.'], [1, 'Awesome! I am totally getting this set. Good review!'], [-1, "Great review! Though you really seem to like this set, and it probably is a great one, I'm not a fan of the penguin sub, or at least I'm not from what I see."], [1, "Thanks a lot! ) I've already ordered it but now I'll be waiting for it even more! ) Thanks! )"], [1, 'Brickadier General, on May 29 2008, 07:27 PM, said: Hi all, so I was at "The Wal-Mart" yesterday and had the munchies and was looking for something to eat. Somewhere along the line, I stopped caring about food and decided to browse the toy department to see what they had Lego-wise. Thank you very much for that neat review, Brickadier General .... I´m glad that you changed your mind, a review of a burger wouldn´t be half that interesting for sure. It´s just a mediocre set to me, but of course it´s always cool to get important MFs in less pricy sets. I like the Penguin´s sub from the Batcave more, just because they did a fine job on resembling a penguin without using a sticker.... Robins craft looks fairly nice, but the most useful parts of the whole set, for me personally, would be those indeed very neat green engines.'], [-1, "Clonecommando007, on May 29 2008, 06:53 PM, said: Great review! Though you really seem to like this set, and it probably is a great one, I'm not a fan of the penguin sub, or at least I'm not from what I see. It's not for everybody. Personally, I just bought the set for the figures, and I was originally just going to sort the parts and put them away in storage Asuka, on May 29 2008, 07:13 PM, said: Thank you very much for that neat review, Brickadier General .... I´m glad that you changed your mind, a review of a burger wouldn´t be half that interesting for sure. It´s just a mediocre set to me, but of course it´s always cool to get important MFs in less pricy sets. I like the Penguin´s sub from the Batcave more, just because they did a fine job on resembling a penguin without using a sticker.... Robins craft looks fairly nice, but the most useful parts of the whole set, for me personally, would be those indeed very neat green engines. Yes, it probably would have been nicer if they would have at least done a brick built beak for the front of the sub. Unfortunately, I never got my hands on the Batcave set, so I never was able to build the original sub."], [1, 'Yay, another Technic shooter!! Whew, I need a spare one in case the 14,348 other ones that I have all happen to break. Seriously, do Lego set designers get some sort of bonus for incorporating catapults, Technic shooters, and / or flick-fire missiles??? Anyway, thanks for the review. Looks like a cute set.'], [1, "Thanks for the review! I love this set, i didn't think it was much at first either, but i really love it. Another cheaper Robin and Penguin is great, and those nifty mini penguins are awesome. The spare pieces are even nice! I love Robin's little scuba jet, those green engines are very nice and I love it compactness. Penguin's sub is even better, at first I was annoyed at getting two subs but now I realise it means I can have a fleet of them I'll be sure to mod over those cannons though, but the details are very slick. Thanks again. Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Thanks . Why isn't this set on S@H? Who Want's The Second Riddle?"], [1, "Thanks for the great review, Brickadier General! The sub looks very nice, and I like the idea of a raising periscope (did the Batcave sub have that feature?) and the details on the sub look very nice. The inclusion of The Penguin, Robin and two of those great brick-built penguins really confirms that I'll be getting this, considering that I didn't purchase the Batcave. However, I am rather dissapointed that this set is so similar to the vehicles of Penguin and Robinin repectively in the Batcave set. I feel that it only really caters to those who havn't bought the set, and I would've much appreciated different vehicles. Overall, a very nice set, perhaps the best of the 2008 wave, despite it's lack of originality. Thank you very much for the review BG"], [1, "I was never considering getting this set as I don't really like Batman, but if I found this set and had some money with me, I would buy it! Ii would use it for Indiana JOnes or something, and the revolevers and Top hats! The only problem I see with the box-art is that the penguin is drowning!"], [-1, 'Looks like a cool set, but the hairpiece for Robin is vary disapointing, I would be so glad is they used the regular hair you see all the time. I hope lego will not make a habit of using that hairpiece on other figures.'], [0, "Axle, on May 30 2008, 03:30 PM, said: The only problem I see with the box-art is that the penguin is drowning! Is not! He just received underwater breathing super-powers and.... and.... Oh, well! ) Speaking seriously, great review, BTW! ) Thanks! ) One question: the teeth are printed on the sticker, aren't they? ) And are not on the box? ) Good day, gentlemen! )"], [1, "Set: 8635 - Agents - Mobile Command Center Pieces: 1154 Price: $US89.99 Those dedicated Agents. They've fought chainsaw-armed villains, battled radio-controlled cyborg crocs, chased pallets of badly-stored golden loot and wrestled killer sharks with vicious, toothy grins. Finally they've caught the notorious Dr Inferno and imprisoned him in their cavernous Mobile Command Center. But Dr Inferno won't go down without a fight! Can the Agents stop the evil Dr 'Disco' Inferno fleeing? Will Spy Clops laser gun burn through the door in time, or will Dr Inferno simply use the lovely Agent Trace's enormous ponytail as an escape ladder to freedom? More importantly, will there be a riot in the streets of Lego City as AFOLs go apopletic at the thought of a 12 wide truck roaring through their ordered town layouts? Stay tuned! Part 1: The Box, Instructions, Parts As the largest of the Agents sets (so far), the box is easily the biggest. Trainee agents, examine the following three pics and see if you notice anything odd. Box front: Box back: Box middle: Spot it? That's right. The printed cardboard which has supposed to be the bottom half of the fold out middle section is on the back, slicing the ultra-large set image which would form the foldout in half . The way the cardboard is printed as one piece before it's folded I think this would be very hard to do 'accidentally' so suspect a major stuff-up somewhere along the production line. I bought this set off bricklink so would be very interested if anyone in the States who has seen these boxes actually on the shelves can tell me if this is common or rare. Basically I want to know if I should be annoyed that the bricklink seller didn't list this in the set description, or are they all like this? The instructions come in 4 booklets. The parts list comes in at 5 pages, which is a lot even at half-size pages ! Large images of the parts inventory are in this folderwhen moderated for anyone interested. Here's also some cute Agents-type artwork at the end of one of the books. Instructions show piece call-outs and are divided into sections according to numbered bags. As you'd expect for a set with 1100+ parts, this baby comes with a lot of bags. It's a treasure trove of dark blue. As well as the obvious large slopes and wall panels which make up the body and the roof, there is a wealth of smaller navy blue pieces as well - small 1x1 bricks, 2x2 bricks, 1x1 plates, 2x2 tiles, heaps of 2x plates, some slopes, 22x cheese pieces... basically anyone wanting a lot of dark blue should think about this set. The roof panels alone, for example, could provide a dark blue sea for a modernised Pirate MOC. 2 DSSs (Dreaded Sticker Sheets). Quelle surprise - stickers! The grey parts of the stickers here are metallic silver ink, which is a nice touch. Actually, as sticker sheets go, they're not too bad. Fairly subtle for the most part and the navy blue actually matches the bricks themselves. However, after looking at the sticker sheets I thought I was missing something. What about the pieces used for the projection screens showing Dr Inferno and the sharks - why weren't they on the sticker sheets? There must be another one! Frantically I checked and rechecked the box and flipped through all the instruction manuals to find the elusive 3rd sheet. Where was it? Ten minutes later I noticed something which had honestly never occured to me - THERE WERE ACTUAL PRINTED PIECES IN THIS SET! So obvious and yet so unthinkable. It's horrifying how years and years of Exoforce and Speed Racer set releases can mentally condition people's thought processes. Tut tut, Lego. What have you reduced us to? Here they are, folks - ACTUAL PRINTED PIECES. (Yes, I do believe this news deserves the caps.) I also noticed this nifty modification of the usual 2x3 cupboard - you can now fit drawers in it! Very clever. This may have been around in Belville sets for years for all I know, but it's new to me. The drawers slide in and out very well and the top one sits on slight indentations in the middle of the cupboard. Part 2: The figs! Our trusty agents - Charge, Chase, Trace and Fuse. (High powered agents don't have time for names of more than one syllable - that's why the bad guys always lose ). Chase and Fuse have the Mutt hair in black and dark orange. The lovely Agent Trace has an exquisite new hairpiece in dark brown, perfect for 'Rapunzel' themed MOCs. As you can see, her ponytail is loooong. Makes it hard to sit down, the poor girl. I feel sorry for all these female figs with such intricate hairstyles that they can never relax in an ordinary Lego chair. However, at least she has two breasts unlike the recent Harley Quinn fig. Compensation indeed. Seriously though, it's great that there's a separate torso print for the female character and this attention to detail is typical of the set as a whole. Three of the agents have reversable heads - nice touch with the headsets and I like the ID cards on their pants. Obviously the agents security system is based on some kind of crotch measuring device. This would make sense considering the conspicuous bulges in the pants of Dr Inferno's men (see the other Agents set reviews.) The villains - Spy Clops, Dr Inferno, Gold Tooth. Dr Inferno's hair in all it's glory. This is a great piece, although the orange colouring is a little rough on the front. It's so 3D, it deserves a back and side view (and indeed EB thread) all of its own. As mentioned elsewhere, this is different plastic to the normal minifig hair, but it doesn't quite feel as soft as the Exo-force hair. It doesn't fall off as much, anyway. The figs get 10/10 from me. Awesome hairpieces in great colours for the Agents and a sleek navy blue/ neon green uniform. The villains' faces are great and they are all very distinctive. The attention to detail is outstanding and it's great to see a Lego in-house theme with characters as memorable and cool as figs from the licensed themes . Part 3: The build The build is divided into three stages - the small vehicles, the front of the truck, and the massive command center section. (a) Small vehicles First up, all the small vehicles. We have a small flyer, 2 buggies, jet ski, and a speed boat - all in glorious navy blue with little bits of silver detailing. Top view. These vehicles are all simple, small and well-designed. Probably the weakest is the flyer, only because the cockpit looks a little large. In fact, the small flyer is probably the weakest element of 8365 overall, which tells you how good the set itself is! In various threads here, this set has been heavily criticised for being way out of proportion. There's a reason for that, as we shall come to. However, the existence of these small sets should appease some people. With the new coast guard sets, for example, all of these save the flyer wouldn't look out of place on a City beach with a little modding. Here's an example - agents beach party! (Spongebob couldn't help but crash.) The villains only have one small vehicle, but they've been well-served in the smaller sets, and this one is a unique and clever design. I love the triangular shape and the simple but clever technique of making the arch slopes meet up around the propellers. It's sort of insectile in black and orange, and looks very different from the usual assortment of helicopters etc. (b) Truck front This thing is a beast! Seriously, look at it. It's chunky and mean looking. You don't want to mess with this baby. The build is really nice. Like a lot of Star Wars vehicles, it's all based on technic beams pinned together. Unlike a lot of Mars Mission sets, underneath isn't ALL technic beams with some plates slapped on like a facade. The majority is a lot of plates and bricks which all fit together solidly. You can see from the detailing of 'cheese grater' slopes and silver pieces on the front how effort has been made to give this vehicle a distinct feel different to other Lego sets. Sure, the silver slope mirrors might be a bit too much for some, but this baby is all about attitude. You can imagine it roaring down the road en route to Dr Inferno's diabolical lair! After all, these sets are 'Agents' sets - nobody said they were *secret* Agents (c ) Command center - whole assembly Here's a view of the whole thing assembled - inside and cool details to follow at the end. It's kind of hard to show here as it is extreeeeemely long. This is indeed a big set. The build for the trailer part of the command center is fun and very satisfying. Yes, there are large pieces but there is also a huge amount of detail. It is also solid as a rock. I remember being annoyed building the big Ferrari truck a few years ago - everytime you looked at it, an 8 x 16 plate fell off. The Mobile Command Center is solid - even with the hinged roof and special features, it is not delicate at all. Kudos to the designers, again as it is mainly a brick build rather than a technic one. I also like how the command center part connects to the cabin - it's not a special piece at all, just a technic axle going through two circle plates, but it works and it's solid. (Please note I've been selective about which stickers I've applied during the build.) Top view: The rear: Here's an example of why I like the build: (a) the designers have enough sense to put a ladder so a minifig can climb up to the interior when the command center is open (b) notice that although the ladder clips at the top, there is an *extra* clip there in the middle purely to hold it in place so it doesn't flap around and holds firm. I don't know if most designers would even think to put a ladder there let alone go the extra mile and put a mechanism to hold it in place. Pure class. Oh, and notice the greebly detail stuff to the right there too. The other side. This is probably the other weak part of the build - the bricky gaps at the top where the hinge to open the roof sits. It's a little gappy but the set is so big you don't really notice. (d) And now for the fun stuff - inside and neat details! OK, so we've built the thing. It's big. It's blue. The top of the trailer itself would make a good warehouse MOC for a harbour layout. But what about inside? Is it any good? What about all those small vehicles from the start of the review? Where do they go? Well, I'm glad you asked. Because the solution is superb. The small flyer folds slightly and slides into place here: Lift off the roof and you're away! The large buggy and the speedboat go under here: The jetski slides out of the rear here, attached to its own little platform: And the small buggy goes inside the main cabin. There's even a crane so you can lift it down. So now we know why this set is so large! To fit everything in! It's amazing that this functionality doesn't affect the aesthetics of the set as a whole. But we still haven't finished on the details. The front section has a very easy-to-swing-open roof section and missiles: There's also a command section underneath the bit where the flyer lifts out: And now for the interior. I have to say I really like this space. Not only is it packed with great stuff, there's also enough room for minifigs to move around. I hate bases where the figs only have about 2 studs to actually stand and walk. Aquabase Invasion is a nice set, for example, but the actual functional space inside the base is teensy. Claustrophobia! You know within a week they'd be fighting to toss each other out of the airlock. No such problems for these suave Agents, who have plenty of legroom *and* the ability to launch missiles from their ceiling. The whole of the interior: Zooming in: Moving from left to right. First off, the medicine cabinet. Looks like someone's been leaving secret mission dossiers lying around. The projector area for mission briefings. Dr Inferno recently changed his hair colour from purple to orange, it seems. Why are all these minifigs so obsessed with their hair? The projector folds down when the trailer is open. Push the button and the light glows on. Now Dr Inferno's hair is orange again! This is one of my favourite parts of the set. It works a charm. The batteries for these lightbricks can also be replaced - instructions are in the manual. Agent Charge considers shark-fin soup for dinner. Did I mention these projection panels are printed? The detail is very fine too. The tool section. Laptops sit in the middle compartment. You get some flippers, yellow scuba tank and various implements. I'm so impressed that the helmet is pearl silver with a different coloured visor too - there's so much variation in the parts in this set, you don't get the sense the designers are using the same thing over and over to save money. It all feels luxe and top-of-the-line, just like the Command Center itself. Two laptops - yay! The aforementioned rooftop missiles: The Dr Inferno cage. Nasty electric shocks! Bzzt! (You can see my reviewing skills are burning out now - sentences.... truncated...) Another example of detail - nowhere else in the set is a 1x1 transgreen tile used - they could have used a 1x1 trans green cheese wedge piece as there are others in the set, but they didn't. How does Dr I get out? Flick that lever on the right hand exterior and the door pops open. Spy Clops the loyal minion awaits his master on the other side. And there we have it. Take a bow, guys! There's a lot of spare parts. A suspicious amount of dark blue small slopes but I checked the instructions and didn't see anything missing. I have to say, I do like the new policy (since Speed Racer I think) of including these small slopes as extras. Part 4: Overall Rating If you've made it this far, you've got more stamina than Dr Inferno's army of cyborg animals themselves! As I said earlier, this set has drawn criticism for the size of the truck. However, large vehicles do exist - I grew up in a wheat farming area and as a kid the size of the lorries that thundered past carrying grain was probably intimidating to me as this monstrous espionage machine is to the good citizens of Lego City! On top of that, it *does* contain a plethora of 4-wide vehicles inside ! Criticism of this set on the basis of size to me also seems misguided as this is basically a playset - and it is a very good one to boot. As you can probably tell, I love it to pieces and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to anyone, whether for parts or for play value. Check out the parts list in this folderwhen moderated and you can see just how many excellent pieces it contains. A light-up brick, a flood of navy blue, metallic silver bricks - we're spoiled. 8635 is also an enjoyable build, with fantastic figs and top-of-the-line detailing. In a year when I've found City a bit disappointing after the run of great sets in 2006-2007, the Agents line has been one of the surprise hits for me and I can't wait to see what the designers come up with next. Edited by svelte_corps, 02 June 2008 - 12:46 AM."], [1, "I see you've also learnt to call dibs. Looking forward to seeing your review!! EDIT: Oh, I see! I just arrived early. A truely fantastic review, you make me not want to pass this set up, even though I can't possibly afford it without leaving my beloved Castle collecting. It really looks like a fun set, so many neat vehicles, and two laptops, I can't wait to see what other sets we'll see them in. Thanks again, great job! ~Peace Edited by iamded, 31 May 2008 - 09:56 AM."], [0, "iamded, on May 31 2008, 03:43 PM, said: I see you've also learnt to call dibs. Looking forward to seeing your review!! ~Peace Nooooo! I'm not calling dibs, it's all going up this afternoon. I just didn't want my browser to crash and lose it all ."], [1, "Yay! I was waiting for this to be reviewed! Can't wait to see how it is, I love the look of this set EDIT: Wow! Fast going on the review there svelte-corps, I love the look of the instructions. Batbrick Away! Edited by Batbrick, 31 May 2008 - 06:10 AM."], [1, "Man I was hoping to be the first to review, ordered from TRU 2 days ago. Oh well this set looks sweet, can't wait for your review."], [1, 'Man, tohse mini vehicles and minifigs are sexy as all heck! I love Dr.Inferno and the female pattern for Agent trace (is it just me or she almost "busting out"? ). I love the Dr. Inferno hair, and the reappearance of Spy-Clops and Gold Tooth is simply gold (yes yes, pun intended!) I have to say this is shaping up to be one of my favourite sets, well, ever! Batbrick Away!'], [0, "can't wait for the kick @$$ trailer review :D"], [1, 'Me want this set'], [1, "You know I like many had doubt's about these sets when they were first mentioned, but I've decided I want the whole line now! This set is the créme de la créme. Just beautifully stunning! That is a great review svelte_corps, you have gone into fantastic detail and description of all the elements. Really it is this review that has persuaded me to buy this set. I blame you! The minifigs are great, the vehicles are better, and the truck and interior is awesome! The few minor draw backs are far outweighed by the attention to detail and the many unique and cool elements used in this set. And printed pieces! That is even better! Great job, you have obviously put a tremendous effort in making this review, and I for one definitely appreciate it! I am looking forward to these sets being available in New Zealand!"], [1, "MUST. GET. TWO Thanks so much, this review has truly shown this set as a brilliant one. Even those who hate this theme must admit it is greatly designed. I love the way the mini vehicles fit. I love the light brick. I love the truck front. I love the trailer. I love the missions bay. I love holding cell. I love everything! EDIT: And I second dragonator's response when I say thankyou svelte-corps for this grand review, you have convinced me utterly to get this! Batbrick Away! Edited by Batbrick, 31 May 2008 - 10:49 AM."], [1, "Wow. Like others have said i was unsure about these when i first heard about them but then looked at the first leaked pics and thought they actually look pretty neat. now i have seen all the reviews i have to have all these sets. at first i was thinking they would be great as parts packs but the more reviews i see the less i want to use them as part packs and just keep them as built (or buy 2 so i can do both !!) Can't wait till they hit the shelves in the UK...... Thanks for the review"], [1, "That's an AWESOME review. And a great set, it seems. With all of this year's Star Wars (I still haven't got Rogue Shadow) I can't afford Agents too, which is a shame looking at this."], [1, "Wow! Great review of what seems to be a great set. I love that ponytail. This looks to be a must have set! (It probably won't stay together for long though...) Thanks very much. (I fixed the header for you; that's two you owe me. The other is for making me think that this set was in Australia... )"], [1, "svelte_corps, a fanastic review of this biggest Agents' set. At first, I was not very keen to have this set. However, after reading your review, you have make me swing up and down. Its simply fabulous! Thanks for your hard work. I am sure it's not easy to do this review. I love that female mini-fig. She looks awfully sweet especially with her new hair. Great job!"], [1, "OMG! Thank you, thank you, thank you! You made my day! So that means Dr. Inferno's hair isnt rubber! But one question, is it like that weird funny soft plastic like the ants from Indy 4? PLEASE ANSWER"], [1, "Thanks for another wonderful review, svelte_corps A very fine set indeed, I absolutely love the way all of the vehicles fit into the command centre, very clever. The projector is really cool, it looks very nice. It's great to see these light and sound bricks in the Agents sets. All of the little nooks and crannies in the centre are great too, I really love the amount of detail featured, mixed with all of the playability of this set. The minifigs - as usual - are brilliant, the uniforms look fantastic. Dr Inferno looks especially great, I love his white suit with hints of orange, and who can forget his hair? I'm really tempted to buy this beast now, though I'm not sure my wallet will forgive me for it. I suppose I'll have to cut back on Indy and Castle multiples for now... Thanks for the truly great review, svelte_corps, nice work"], [1, "Wow this set looks so amazing! Amazing! Genius! Da'vinci art I say! You've done an excellent job reviewing, and really, this is the review I've been waiting for. So cool! So classy! I love the mission briefing feature. To think that lego could go so high as to put something ingenious like that in there! Too bad Lego figures don't have fingers to make shadow shows, eh? Genius! The Jet lauching feature is pretty slick, and they even put a control center in there too! That's beast. Loving that. The bottom...I don't see how that big buggy can get out or in there, but, Awesome too! The back of the truck could use more detailing I think, but the jail pop-open feature is pretty cool, as is the speed boat storage rack. Cabin; it's great! That roof opening feature is a great part of this set. Also I think you can have multiple figures up there...maybe you can mod it to put a bed in there! It certainly looks big enough! Inferno plane, wow that think is smooth, baby! I love how the wings contain rotors inside of them!!! That's awesome detail right there. That is a sweet ship thingy, so slick. The rest of the command center is pretty awesome too; we get a 4x4 wheeler and a crane, and lots of room! Wow! Just wow! Great review, great set! You are well worthy of your custom title! I'm gonna go buy this for only $90!!!! WOOT!"], [1, 'Great Review, thanks! That\'s one hell of a set. I think LEGO has reached a certain kind of peak with the design, cleverness, and fun of this one. I\'m so relieved that Agents seems to be shaping up to be even better then I thought it was going to be...and I thought it was going to be cool to begin with. Agent "Charge"? Not only does he look like Dash Justice, but he has the name of one of Dash\'s Alpha Team squadmates? I call shenanigans!'], [1, 'Woah, I got to have this set! I shall buy it ASAP! Thanks for the review! Expertly done.'], [1, "Splendid review! I love everything on this set. No question 'bout it. Somehow I knew I should have saved up and buy that when come to TRU...but the sight of Turbocar Chase and Jetpack Pursuit was to tempting to pass up."], [1, "Wonderful review - one of the best I've ever seen on this site. Man, we thought this might be the weakest set in the line, but it turns out it may be the strongest! Everything about this set - from the color scheme to all the details to the minifigures to the piece selection - is just wonderful! I think this set has finally confirmed it: Agents is everything Alpha Team wasn't, and is how they should have done a spy theme from the start. Kudos to TLC for finally getting it right - and I sure hope there's a second year!"], [1, "wow, excellent review, thanks. That set sure looks fantastic. It's incredible how much features they've managed to pack in while keeping it roomy. I'm really impressed by the quality of the design. TLC is sure getting back on track with great design. ow... 2008 is going to be expensive..."], [1, "Excellent review by an excellent reviewer on and excellent set. This theme really does seem to be one of TLC's best. Edited by Plural, 31 May 2008 - 03:24 PM."], [1, "Wow...I can't believe I thought this line was false...oh crap...SWEET! I need to get this!"], [1, "I first I thought the whole Agents line would not be very good. But boy have I changed my mind! This set looks amazing, as do all of the other sets in the line. I really like how the small vehicles all fit into the truck. I don't like it when sets come with smaller vehicles and don't have anywhere to store them, so they just float on the side. That light projector is fantastic! I can't believe they are actually printed! This is definitly on my to-buy list! Thanks for the amazing review!"], [1, "7645 - MT-61 Crystal Reaper Piece count: 600 Price: $AUD79.95, 49.95 Euros (in most countries), 39.99 GBP, USD 49.99 It's happened in the wider world, and it had to happen to Lego - yes, the 80s are back. Space invaders, holograms, compulsory seat-belt wearing legislation, and the return of classic Space. Ok, we don't have a fully fledged classic space theme back yet, but if 7645 is the way of the future, I think Lego is ready to do it properly. I wasn't a huge fan of last year's Mars Mission sets and only picked up a few on clearance, but this set is light years (excuse the pun) ahead of 2007's offerings. This mining vehicle is solid, compact, and well-designed. It looks impressive, and even better, it has fantastic Power Functions operability! Behold 7645 - MT-61 Crystal Reaper! (PS I wasn't joking about the holograms or seat belts.) Part 1: Box, Instructions, DSSs (Dreaded Sticker Sheets), Parts Front of box: Back of box: 2 x instruction booklets: DSS numero uno - for the Reaper DSS number two - apologies for the blurry pic but I wanted to capture the sweet shimmy of the metallic holographic background on this sheet The way it catches the light really makes a difference to the small alien craft and makes it look much more interesting from the plain stickers of last year. There's heaps of spare silvery stuff once the stickers are applied for those who use the leftover sticker material for customising. Parts bags - 4 numbered with one extra with larger pieces Parts everywhere - woo! I know the Lego instruction books scold me if I mix bags, but I'm a devil-may-care kind of guy. In your face, TLC. I love mixing all the parts together before I build, it reminds me of my youth when the days were long, anything was possible, and I didn't need strict instructions not to build on grass or poke my eye out with a technic shooter. Interesting parts - these may or may not be new, my technic knowledge is not that detailed. The little scoop parts are so cute and have a heap of potential uses. I love 'em. They're like Smurf hats at Miniland scale. These technic wheel things in orange are also cute. They kind of remind me of marigolds. Giant Fabuland marigolds! The track pieces - you get 70 of these - here's the section of track for one side - as you can see it's about 52 studs long. These hold together better than the small ones on the Hailfire Droid/ Jungle Cutter. Part 2: Minifigs, small mining transport, alien ship I have to confess - I forgot to take an individual snap of the astronauts . It's the usual bunch though - Scaredy Face guy, Sunglasses in Space Man and a third one I can't remember. You don't really care, though? You're only interested in the alien commander and his matching arms/ legs combo deal. As brickbitz noted in his review of the smaller set, the glowy eye is just a 1x1 cylinder. The set also comes with 2 normal jellies - one pictured here for size. You'll see what happened to the other one soon enough... The alien craft is nothing exciting, apart from the gorgeous glinting stickers. Here's the road safety angle. The commander actually clips onto a 1x2 plate with handle so he can't fall out! Then the lime tentacle thing descends on top of him to keep him firmly there, like a baby seat. Not very brave for an alien commander, is he? I mean, did Darth Vader ever use a seatbelt? Tssk. With cradle up: This part of the build also includes the small astronaut mining buggy - small and effective. (Please note in this build I've applied stickers to everything bar cockpit pieces.) This comes with radio and saw piece. Part 3: The Reaper! The first part of the build is the detachable shuttle. I really like the retro aesthetic of this with the angled wings and the side hoverpod things. It is much better than the comparable vehicle from 7699. The new flickfire piece is a waste of space - it's fairly limp. I prefer the simple flickfire technic pin to be honest. There's also a very nice little side workshop as you can see. I really like how the control unit is 'plugged' into the wall via 5 1x1 round plates (third pic, it's a bit dark). Great detail. [The technic pins on the back are there to connect the Power Functions battery box. It's odd they're included at this stage of the instructions - maybe the intention was to release it originally with all the necessary motors etc but the price point was too high and they scaled it back] The base. The shuttle sits on that bley technic axle in the middle when the Reaper is fully assembled. The little vehicle scoots down the ramp at the rear, which folds up to hold it in place when the Reaper is in motion. You can see there's a crystal container here as well - another nice small detail which I found the 2007 sets lacked. There's also an alien here - thankfully not in those horrendous trans-orange tubes so prevalent last year. The complete assembly. Isn't it snug? It's just the right size too - not massive but large enough to be a serious mining vehicle. The ominous black treads contrast nicely with the white/ orange colour scheme of the vehicle itself. The trans detailing - blue for weapons, neon green for energy - is carried nicely through the whole set. The blades and the scoops whirl nicely as the machine trundles along. Top down view: Tread detail: Whirling blades of death! The buggy descends: Probably the most disturbing aspect of the whole set is this pic: The jelly has an orange pump plugged into its heart which is connected to an energy supply on the left hand side! This vehicle runs on alien jelly juice! Either that or it's milking the jelly in some equally disturbing fashion. How amoral is that! I know there's been debate about this - the jellys aren't innocent, they're evil energy crystal thieving maniacs etc - but I find it a bit odd that the humans respond by chaining the jelly up to the bowels of their mining vehcile and suck energy from its heart. People debate about violence in Lego as represented by realistic minifig weapons, but I think the moral lesson here is even worse - it's OK to exploit foreign life forms for our own gain if they treat us badly first! (Who-fans, I think the Ood should have a word with the jelly Commander ) That aside, this set is well-designed and fairly good value at $AUD79.95. It's definitely a notch above last year's Mars Mission sets overall, with improved detailing and more useful functions. The holo-stickers are fab and it's nice to have an alien commander, even if he is a bit bulky and his fingers are identical to his toes. However, if all these reasons by themselves weren't reason to recomend this set, the following is.... Part 4: Power Functions The best part of this set - and the reason I bought it, really - is the integration of Power Functions. Bizarrely this isn't mentioned at all on the box and I only found out about it from the instructions when they were posted on Eurobricks! (Instructions for book 2 which has the Power function stuff available here.) This is a great idea and hopefully we will see more new sets take this kind of approach (especially with the new Train sets). Luckily I got Monster Dino 4958 on sale for half price earlier this year so already had most of the necessary motors etc - the only one needed was an extra small one. What you need is listed in the instructions below with redirections to Shop @ Home to buy the motors. Note there's actually a mistake on this page. The 2 small motors you need are both 8883 not 8882 (which is the large XL motor). Way to confuse the kids there, Lego! Attaching them was a dream and only took a few minutes (In contrast to 4958 where it was almost impossible to remove motor elements without dismantling the model). Basically the back platform and some plates and orange slopes come off, you attach the motors, and then the smaller plates go back on. These parts are now left loose: Overall the look of the Reaper isn't badly effected as you're mainly viewing from the front anyway: Sadly I can't show you how it moves, you'll just have to trust me that it does ! The way it is steered is demonsrated in the instruction pages above. Basically each motor is controlled by a corresponding switch on the remote. Move them both forward to move forward, move one right to turn right, move both back to move back etc. It zips along! It's a speedy little thing! Personally I wouldn't want to be in it's path as it comes roaring down the Martian canyon! (My cat was scared as it was.) It is oodles of fun and definitely worth trying if you have the motors or can get them cheaply, and adds a whole new dimension to the 'play' aspect of 'playset'. It is also as I said very quick to switch between modded and non-modded Reaper in contrast to the more fiddly Dino creations. The only problem I had is that if it moves too fast, the weight of the battery box at the back tends to pull the whole thing back and it rears up. It does correct itself though. I only trialled this on carpet last night so it may behave differently on other surfaces - I will need to experiment! Part 5: Summation This is a great set made even better with the addition of Power Functions. At $AUD79.95 it's well-priced. Buy it! Buy the motors as well (K-Mart still has stock of 4958 at $89, wait for a 15% off sale)! You won't regret it. Buy 2 and make competing battle machines! The only thing is... just don't torture that poor jelly Edited by Sinner, 24 June 2008 - 03:25 AM."], [1, 'Wonder full job, but now my wallet aches in misery.'], [1, 'Im not that into Mars Mission... but this set reminds me of the Jungle Cutter'], [1, "Great review. I just got 7644 MX-81 Hypersonic Operations Aircraft. It's a great ship. I started to review it, but then it started to rain (I was outside), so the review is coming tommorow. Technicolor stickers! Very pretty!"], [1, "You really are an awesome set reviewer, svelte_corps!! Thanks very much for this sweet review, so in-depth and detailed, that is one sweet vehicle! It's got three of my favourite things, treads, orange, and big slicey blades! Thanks again! ~Peace"], [1, 'Another great review. I\'m looking forward to getting this set sometime soon. I wasn\'t aware of the power function aspect, similar I suppose to the old technic sets which had an additional instructions for those with the relevant motors. I knew those dino\'s I got at clearance would come in useful. Nice to see the recent "bulldozer" treads appearing in black. Grey seemed a slightly unusual colour choice.'], [1, "These new sets are just totally off-the-wall radical :D. It's the little details like the scoops on the blades and the alternate alien energy source (Lego didn't even have to include those, but they did!) that show Lego are really getting back into their groove this year. The ability to add power functions is just so cool as well, I'm going to pick-up the Creator Monster Dino set for the electronics when the sales hit as svelte has suggested. A very entertaining review, just like the Agents mobile command center one :D"], [-1, "This set looks 10 times sweeter with the power functions, too bad I'll have to buy some extra."], [0, 'nice review the power functions is a nice idea and i ownder if it will appear in any other new sets? regarless if i get this (i decided to just to get what ever looks good in the shops from now on ) im defianltey picking up some of the white visors off bricklink'], [1, 'Wow, this thing is very cool. Definately no lack of details, and is quite cheap for the bang of the set that you get. For some reason I really love the bay in the back of the detachable ship. Quite an improvement from last years line. Thank you for the review.'], [1, "I was going to buy this set anyway, but now I'm even more excited. :D My favorite part of this set is the bay that holds the little cart vehicles."], [1, 'Thank you for that fine review, svelte_corps. That´s a pretty cool set, much more solid than the Armoured Drilling Unit, with a nice little transporter and some for sure pretty interesting additional power functions. A very smart idea indeed! Did I miss something or is there really only one (and probably improved) shooting device? And there´re even some levers to control the vehicles.... wow. A matured MarsMission on indeed! Now let´s get rid of these poor utilized jellies and we´re right on the way....'], [1, "Isn't it a lovely set? I too have one. (modded, of course )"], [0, "Asuka, on Jun 4 2008, 09:26 AM, said: Did I miss something or is there really only one (and probably improved) shooting device? No, you didn't miss anything. There's only one, and it's the less obtrusive new piece The range is pretty poor, though ."], [0, "So, is there some way to get all those motor bits at once, or do you have to buy them on their own? I don't think I've ever seen them in a store here..."], [0, "Iron Moose, on Jun 4 2008, 11:28 AM, said: So, is there some way to get all those motor bits at once, or do you have to buy them on their own? I don't think I've ever seen them in a store here... Only from S@H so far, or if you buy sets which they come in. All the ones you need (apart from one additional small motor) are available in the 4958 Monster Dino set (which I got half price). I ordered the extra from S@H at the same time I bought the set - but only because I had already looked at the instructions and knew what I needed. (If people have the Ferris Wheel set as well I think the small motor comes in that.)"], [0, 'This should be reported to the news .'], [1, "Well I guess its nice that they're making the story background a little more clear. With that jelly plugged into the power cable... Hmmh, both Jellies and crystals can be used as power sources, think theres a connection? both of them are transparent and greenish... Maybe Jellies hatch from crystals like eggs? or need them as food? or something important like that? Yay for evil humans."], [1, 'Thanks for the great review Sveltecorps. I bought some of the MM last year and ended up selling them off for SW. This new set has got me interested in MM again, partly due to your cool review! One question though, Did you get this set in Aust shops or S@H, just wondering if i should be looking for it yet? EDIT: sorry just saw your other post saying it was ordered from S@H Cheers ISC Edited by I Scream Clone, 04 June 2008 - 08:08 AM.'], [1, "Excellent review. Loving. This. Set. I mean, come on, it's a flipping tank! Awesomeness is written all over this - from all those blades and scoops at the front to the mini rover. And yes, you can even turn it into a motorized battle tank! Reminds me of the old technic days when they advertised in the manuals how to hook up the kits with separately sold motors. Another day, another review of an awesome set. Yes, this is sure TLC's year!"], [1, 'svelte_corps, on Jun 3 2008, 12:09 PM, said: The only thing is... just don\'t torture that poor jelly I smell another "Dont hurt the dragons/jellies" or something group Nice Reveiw i dont realy like the MM sets [We WANT MORE STARJUSTICE/SPACE SKULLS!!!!!!] But this one looks Ok i guess suprised they dont say that it has power functions on the box'], [1, "Really Nice review! I love those sweet looking power functions on it, if only the orange bits could be replaced, then you could have a futuristic and motorized Jungle Cutter Anyway, the alien bit was disturbing, but the overly-tall new commanders look very, very cool! All in all, a great set, but I won't be able to buy it, because, in a few days, S@H will become 600$ richer and my wallet will writhe around in pain on the floor."], [1, ''], [0, "Algernon, on Jun 5 2008, 02:03 PM, said: Why is it that Agents and Star Wars get their own news articles but this fantastic set is totally ignored? I think maybe there's a bit of Star Wars excitement on the front page which has probably got a few members frothing with excitement. Not every review needs to be frontpaged anyway ."], [0, 'No, but this IS one of the most anticipated sets of 08...'], [0, 'Well, title says it. The description, you\'ll understand later. I ordered this off of S@H last tuesday, and oddly enough, it\'s listed on S@H as MX-81 Hypersonic Airplane... I\'d like to apologize for the random, horrible, faded pics. I took the review outside, and the clouds kept shifting, changing the lighting, and then I had to go inside because it started raining. It\'s been raining for a week. It\'s raining now, as I type this. So, I foolishly went outside to take pics. The front of the box. Not bad, as far as boxes go. It features a lift-up tab... ...which shows the various functions. Back of the box. Still not much to say... Two manuals. I think this is just right- Not too thick, but not too many manuals, either... Oddly enough, the box came with a little folded up piece of paper telling us not to mix the bags. It comes sorted into 4 bags, by the way. Minifigures The set features 3 normal MM figs, 1 normal jellie, and one of the new commanders. I really like this guy. He has a few issues, like his hands being stuck sideways, and still being hollow, but still a great improvement. He\'ll make a lovely addition to any Halloween MOC. Stickers The set comes with a fairly big DSS for the Spacecraft. Pretty normal, but I do like the dragon sticker. Then, suprises of suprises, a technicolor sticker sheet for the aliens! How cool is this, huh? The tops of the actual stickers are shiny, which is hard to see in the pic. Even the bottom is shiny! Who said stickers can\'t be cool? The mining craft The little guy is pretty cute, and well built. My only gripe is that there\'s nowhere to spin the drill! It seems so lifeless without a feature... The alien craft You\'d think a Commander would be important enough to have a seatbelt, rather than be stabbed with a clip and stuck on the ship like those other grunt aliens... I think this thing has some potential. Shiny stickers, different body shape. And when you look at those engines, this thing could be an alien Corvette! But then you look at the back. Pretty bare, no flares or anything. It\'s a cool little craft, but it just...lacks. The modules These things have some potential, as well. With some modding, they could be pretty cool. Unfortunetly, it\'s pretty boxy, there are no engines, and the wings are too small. The top is pretty nice, though. The greebles are all right. The controls, as usual, are a sticker. Pretty spacious, mind you. The cockpit doesn\'t stay flush with the body, though. The front plate underneath it can be easily replaced with a brick to fix that. ...I\'m not gonna comment on this. The main body Too bad. The \'labratory\' isn\'t much of a lab. A trans-red panel and some tray thing are all that compose the \'lab\'. I was expecting more, but true to form, this Mars Mission set has no impressive interior to speak of. There is a lot of space, though, so it shouldn\'t be hard to mod. Phew! The lab folds up like so. Pretty simple, and would allow access to the lab, if there was one. And then we have this thing. What is it? Defense laser? Communications array? Satellite T.V.? The modules connect like so (sorry, out of place...): Too bad the pins stick out... Various pics... As you can see, this thing has more of those bars than an AT&T commercial... (There, you understand the topic description now? ) The rear. It uses a white City plane wing for the...wings. When I first saw the prototype pics, I thought they slanted downwards... That would\'ve been really cool. Ah, now to the platform. From the position of the drill, I think this could be a really cool turret location when I MOD it to more military space. Back to the bars. If we had space monkeys, they\'d love this. This set has more bars than a jungle gym.( ) Here we see the button that drops the platform. Pretty clever, and it\'s not in the way. Best of all, it really works! Really well, actually. Good job, TLC. 2 more bars and a shooter mechanism. Jeeze, this is really setting itself up for a joke. A shooter mechanism walks into a bar... Never mind! Here we have the handle that allows you to pick it up safely. A good idea, but it\'s placed waaaay to far back, way off the center of balance. You have to hold on to it pretty well to keep it angled up, though it does stop your hands from getting in the way of the platform. Ah! The platform in action. This is really a neat little feature. Not only can the ship land in a reduced footprint, but it also prevents the nice white paint job from getting red dust all over it... It\'s centered pretty well, too, and you don\'t have to worry about knocking it over, just don\'t shove it back at all. Here we have the latch. When the button on top is pushed, this gets pulled inward... ...Which pulls out of this hole and allows it to swing neatly down. Good luck, and happy mining!! Again, sorry for the lack of in-progress review. I would\'ve liked to take pics of the mechanism and so on, but typical of the MM sets, you can\'t really take it apart. Well, this is really a nice set, which can hopefully be upgraded with a better lab with little difficulty. Some of my military mod plans include: -Strip the lab and install a command center -get rid of lots of bars. The thing has more bars than Alcatraz. -Install some turrets. This is a big command ship, so why all the forward-facing weapons? It\'ll need some AA defense... -mod the landing platform to be a troop dropper with installable AA turret. -mod the cockpit pods to be more aerodymic. So, that\'s all folks. Shall I include one last "bar" joke?'], [1, "I appreciate your review Mr. Mandalorian, but why the negativity?. I'd try to find more positives about the set instead of kinda criticizing it after each picture. I personally think it looks freakin' awesome!. The size is very impresive and I nearly fell of my chair when I saw the first pics earlier this year. It's quite unlike anything I've ever seen from Lego. Edited by radiant7, 04 June 2008 - 08:27 AM."], [0, 'Thanks for the review. I really like all the Mars Mission sets this year. The usage of the big wing is a bit annoying, but you can\'t blame LEGO for re-using the mold. I\'ve been considering doing the same with mine! Mr. Mandalorian, on Jun 4 2008, 02:19 PM, said: So, that\'s all folks. Shall I include one last "bar" joke? I wouldn\'t have a bar of it...'], [1, 'Thanks for the review, Mr. Mandalorian! This is an, er, interesting set. Lots of frontal fire-power. Very big too, and I like the idea of those two little craft that attach on the sides. Sort of like little escape pod things. Anywho, not one of the things on my to buy list, but I do like that radio-active sticker, that could come in use. Looking forward to seeing your modifications, too! ~Peace'], [-1, "Thanks for the great and very detailed review. I love the new holostickers! I'm still not sold on this set though. I'm not sure why... I think it's the big wing piece and the too-technicy build (from looking at the instructions). The platform seems kind of out of place. And for the size of the set, the functionality doesn't seem as good as it could be. It reminds me of 7699 Armored Drilling Unit - looks impressive but doesn't seem to do that much. I do think Mars Mission has improved this year though. Bar none, this is the weakest of the new MM sets I think."], [0, 'Mr. Mandalorian, on Jun 4 2008, 01:19 AM, said: And then we have this thing. What is it? Defense laser? Communications array? Satellite T.V.? That certainly feels like an homage to the Deep Freeze Defender... which itself feels like an homage to the Galaxy Commander. Is there some way to centre one of the cockpit units without massive de- and re- construction?'], [1, 'Thanks for the review Mr. Mandalorian. The Alien craft is a bit small in my opinion could have done with being just a little bit larger. The main craft however despite its few minor flaws looks very good. While space isn’t my normal theme I’m certainly being tempted this year.'], [1, "Iron Moose, on Jun 4 2008, 02:34 AM, said: That certainly feels like an homage to the Deep Freeze Defender... which itself feels like an homage to the Galaxy Commander. Thats the observation I had when I saw the first pictures of this set online a few months ago. I am a proud owner of the 6973 Deep Freeze Defender and 6980 Galaxy Commander, so I'm looking forward to see how the 7644 stacks up next to them. There is a definite lineage here, and these sets clearly demonstrate the evolution of Lego set design over the years. The MX-81 may not have the most playability out of all the new MM sets (although it has ALOT from what I can tell), but its hard to beat the look of a large sleek space cruiser sitting on your shelf or dresser, at least for myself. Anyhow, this is my first post to the forum and hope my welcome won't wear out here anytime soon. Edited by Spacefan, 04 June 2008 - 06:43 PM."], [1, "Spacefan, on Jun 4 2008, 05:56 PM, said: Anyhow, this is my first post to the forum and hope my welcome won't wear out here anytime soon. Having a name like that is a good start!"], [0, "Thanks for the review. I have to concede this does appear to be the weakest set of the summer MM lineup. I've noticed a trend that the larger sets have plenty of parts potential but when assembled the model is not more than the sum of the parts... Eagle Base certainly didn't seem worth the asking price, at least this is one large model. On a positive note the lame aero tubes, darts and martian carrier pods have disappeared. Don't get me wrong, I love MM and most of the lineup is great, this one just seems to fall a little short of the BAR."], [1, "I don't understand why there's so much negativity... this is actually my favorite of the new MM sets. The finished look is very sleek and not very gappy at all. The deployable landing pad is great, and it'll make it easy to put on a shelf without taking too much room. Lots of greebles... although I will concede that it's just begging to be modded. Still, though, I'm definitely buying this one. :) It has a really great look to it!"], [0, 'Sinner, on Jun 4 2008, 03:44 AM, said: Having a name like that is a good start! My screen name largely sums up my interest in Lego, but is not soley limited to Space. Thanks for the warm welcome.'], [0, 'Two more questions: 1 - how stable is the entire craft when balanced on the platform? Is there a chance that it will just collapse? 2 - what are the total wingspan, height and depth measurements of the model?'], [1, "Algernon, on Jun 4 2008, 09:34 AM, said: I don't understand why there's so much negativity... this is actually my favorite of the new MM sets. The finished look is very sleek and not very gappy at all. The deployable landing pad is great, and it'll make it easy to put on a shelf without taking too much room. Lots of greebles... although I will concede that it's just begging to be modded. Still, though, I'm definitely buying this one. :) It has a really great look to it! I don't understand the negativity either, one man's treasure is another man's trash I suppose. That said, having grown up with Lego during the 80's this set has a certain nostalgia factor in its overall look and feel that harkens back to that earlier period in my life which I fondly remember. Aside from the Factory Star Justice set (elements of which I loathe), I expect the 7644 to be the closest thing to a Classic Space revival that we'll ever see again from the Lego Group, but I hope to be pleasantly suprised someday. Though I'm not living in the past, and do appreciate everything Lego is doing now and will do, and has done since. And, like you, I'm one who's definitely buying this set. No matter how few of us there may be."], [-1, 'Hm, needs more firepower.'], [0, "Spacefan, on Jun 4 2008, 02:38 PM, said: Aside from the Factory Star Justice set (elements of which I loathe Do tell. (I'm being curious, not confrontational. )"], [1, "Great review, Mr. Boba Fett. I really like this set a lot. Some of the features may not be as good as I hoped they would, but overall this looks to be a really nice set. I'm so happy that the giant spacecrafts are finally back. Quote I've noticed a trend that the larger sets have plenty of parts potential but when assembled the model is not more than the sum of the parts... Eagle Base certainly didn't seem worth the asking price, at least this is one large model. On a positive note the lame aero tubes, darts and martian carrier pods have disappeared. Hm, actually, I don't see the comparison. Eagle base looked terible to me right from the start, so it was no suprise when it ended up being the weakest kit in the first year. This big ship, on the other hand, looked great as soon as I saw it, and still looks good."], [0, "Iron Moose, on Jun 4 2008, 02:15 PM, said: Do tell. (I'm being curious, not confrontational. ) Well, first and foremost like many other people I'm no fan of those dreaded unprinted minifig torsos and stickers. But also the cost to piece ratio of the set, it just seems too expensive for everything that you get, such as too many small parts and a lighter than usual piece count for the price. Though if it had included printed minifigs and other elements, I maybe would of been able to swallow its 100 USD cost a little easier. But Star Justice is still Lego SPACE in the most classic sense thats available today, and I will probably pony it up just because... Anyway, I hope were not breaking Forum protocol by not discussing the 7644 review of the original poster or that particular set in general."], [0, "Wow! i'll definately have to check this one out. i always tried making a big mining deployment ship, but it always turned out crappy. Edited by maiq the liar, 04 June 2008 - 10:52 PM."], [1, "Thanks for the review. I actually quite like this. I can't afford it, so I'm not getting too attached to it, but in its own way, it's great. It's certainly reminiscent of Space sets of the past, as others have said, and the drop-down ramp section is just really cool. As an idea, you understand. Sure, the lab is a little crap, but at least the effort was made (sort of ). The sheer fact that it's so big though, really makes me like this. There's just something appealing about large spaceships. Not capital ships, just big space ships. With lots of guns! Spacefan, on Jun 4 2008, 10:34 PM, said: Anyway, I hope were not breaking Forum protocol by not discussing the 7644 review of the original poster or that particular set in general. Hey, it's no worse than Batbrick and I. No, really, it isn't even in the same league!"], [1, "Thank you for that nice review, Mr. Mandalorian. Wow. Somehow it´s almost like Classic Space´s back indeed.... It´s a great star ship. It looks stream lined, original and impressive and even the huge plane wing part looks rather cool and smooth on it. It´s equipped at least with some kind of engines on top of the wings and although they´re made with only two a little 'juniorized' parts it´s better than nothing. There´s a lab or some sort of engine room with enough space inside to allow one or two MFs to play Scotty.... yeah! The two cockpits´re nicely detailed with a cool use of these orange 1x1 round plates and to detach one or all two of them reminds a lot of the playability of the good old Space sets. It seems even like it´s easy to attach them to some kind of Cloud City Twin-Pod Car thanks these hinged wings. Looks like some solid fun to me. Of course.... the cockpits aren´t airtight and even this reminds unfortunately of the post blue, grey and trans yellow era of CS. Anyway, there´s no real fun without some MODing I guess. Another great advantage of the set´s that it´s not overpacked with shooting things. One technic shooter, cool in grey and only one trans orange prison pod too. Well, I can surely live with that especially since it´s nicely asymmetrical. The drill rover´s very charming, a little like a rebuilt Oldsmobile Convertibe stranded on Mars. Sweet! And that platform feature´s plain nifty and well done too, very playable and useable for a lot of things. Hmm.... recently I complained a lot about the dense use of studless technic beams for the inner structure of vehicles like these ExoForce tanks par exemple which makes MODing (in an economical way) pretty frustrating.... but the beams here´re used in a very proper way. It should be fairly easy to MOD, let´s say, the back of that lab section up to perhaps even the cockpits to create a larger airtight area that could be boarded from the platform.... just to fit this certain spacers need for, um, realism.... There´re many more nice details too like that 'satelite t.v.' thingy and that cylinder with trans blue 2x2 dish for the knob or these cylinders with cones on that handle, and that Alien craft´s pretty nice and detailed as well. Like I said before.... I really feel like Classic Space´s back."], [0, "Hey, thanks guys. So you tolerated the bar jokes and faded lighting? radiant7, on Jun 3 2008, 09:01 PM, said: I appreciate your review Mr. Mandalorian, but why the negativity?. I'd try to find more positives about the set instead of kinda criticizing it after each picture. I personally think it looks freakin' awesome!. The size is very impresive and I nearly fell of my chair when I saw the first pics earlier this year. It's quite unlike anything I've ever seen from Lego. Algernon, on Jun 4 2008, 06:34 AM, said: I don't understand why there's so much negativity... this is actually my favorite of the new MM sets. The finished look is very sleek and not very gappy at all. The deployable landing pad is great, and it'll make it easy to put on a shelf without taking too much room. Lots of greebles... although I will concede that it's just begging to be modded. Still, though, I'm definitely buying this one. :) It has a really great look to it! Spacefan, on Jun 4 2008, 10:38 AM, said: I don't understand the negativity either, one man's treasure is another man's trash I suppose. That said, having grown up with Lego during the 80's this set has a certain nostalgia factor in its overall look and feel that harkens back to that earlier period in my life which I fondly remember. Aside from the Factory Star Justice set (elements of which I loathe), I expect the 7644 to be the closest thing to a Classic Space revival that we'll ever see again from the Lego Group, but I hope to be pleasantly suprised someday. Though I'm not living in the past, and do appreciate everything Lego is doing now and will do, and has done since. And, like you, I'm one who's definitely buying this set. No matter how few of us there may be. I'm sorry you guys thought I was being negative- I actually love the set. It brings a real feel of Classic Space to MM (No, I'm NOT talking in the third person. ). However, it does have its own small issues, which are nothing, really. I said that there's not much of a lab- but that's the beauty of lego. There's a lot of room in the ship, so it should be a piece of cake to mod to a bigger lab. Too many bars? I'll take them off. I really like the set, I just want to change it to suit my tastes. It looks beautiful- It will find a home among my other MM sets as a favorite. Iron Moose: Good question. It's about 17 inches wide, 11 inches tall (with ramp down), and 16 inches wide. As for the platform, it's pretty stable. It tilts back a small degree so it doesn't collapse when tapped on the nose, but I wouldn't leave it on the edge of a table while in that position."], [1, 'I think this thing is compensating the poor lab with the bar army.'], [1, 'Nice review. Just one little point. Since there is no sound transmission through space, but there is an atmosphere on Mars through which this this thing supposedly flies, hypersonic airplane makes far more sense than hypersonic spacecraft ;)'], [1, "Sorry Mr. Mandalorian, I guess I was just getting a bit defensive because when this set first appeared here, there were literally 2 pages of people just bagging out the new MM sets (but then the thread took a turn and people started to warm to them, much like the Agents). I do agree that it definitely needs some MOCing, but with that work I think it has the potential to be a really amazing set in terms of what you could cram into it. The lab is a little disappointing, I've always wanted an enclosed cabin space in a vehicle this size because then all the little space guys can have a true meeting place! The drop-down landing ramp is my favourite part, it has lots of potential uses. Maybe it's even possible to integrate pneumatics :D"], [0, 'Hello SheFOLS and AFOLS, as well as TFOLS, welcome to EB News Reviews, I am your host...For tonight anyway... Shadows will take over after this episode, if we make more... Today we are reviewing Mars Impulse sets 5616 and 5617. Starting with 5617 Alien Jet, I must say it is a small and quick build, the jellie, is made of hard plastic, which surprised me, as I had expected Jellies to be a soft plastic. The jet is mainly 2x4 plates, some swingy hinges, the "seatbelt" and a thing which I cannot seem to name My one gripe about it is that the Jelly cant see where he is flying, it looks better with a MF in it. There was a red 1x1 as a spare part. We move on to the 5616 Mini Robot, which is basically a "safe" brick, with binoculars, soem cheese slopes, little arms, and legs. The best part i must say was the metal detector and "safe" brick, as these seem to be quite rare in sets (By my knowlage anyway). The austronaut has a face, shown in Dr. Sinsters review. The set also comes with a pick-axe and lime green gem. Extra peices where a cheese slope, a green 1x1 and a white droid arm. That concludes these mini-reviews. I also will use this opportunity to show my photo setup. Both sets are reccomended, if you either need a army, or are just trying to get a variaty of figs like myself. Next wee-*Camera Fades* Edited by Sinner, 24 June 2008 - 04:17 AM.'], [-1, 'I didn\'t see this one coming... Probably because that huge white beard got in the way! Was this "Shadows impersonates Aluvar" week or something? Ok, this wasn\'t the worst thing I\'ve ever seen. We can try a real one in the future. The not too near, but maybe not too far future. I guess. Where is that a map of, anyway?'], [0, 'Yes, The beard and hat are leftovers from what was meant to be a Athos Photoshoot, I was too lazy to remove them so... They are - 2 Maps of Slovakia and One of Europe. Stauder.'], [1, 'Nice and pretty funny.... I don´t like that little Alien thingy but the other set´s quite nice.'], [0, "Hate to admit it but I enjoy Staudie's humour more than I enjoy shadow's Highlights include the inability to reach the cheese and the acious robot, thanks for the review! Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Batbrick, on Jun 4 2008, 08:04 PM, said: Hate to admit it but I enjoy Staudie's humour more than I enjoy shadow's Each to his own level of intellect."], [0, "imperialshadows, on Jun 5 2008, 11:37 AM, said: Each to his own level of intellect. Yes, I think I can see you down there! Well I normally wouldn't be amused, but the sheer amount of random squabbling inherent in Staudie's, well, everything just catches me, like a disease Batbrick Away!"], [0, 'Ah ha ha! A wonderful review, Stauder, very funny indeed! The cheese bit made me laugh. Stupid aliens. Very good once again. I hope to see more reviews in future! Quick, go buy the other Impulse sets, I could do with another review of them... ~Peace'], [0, "Hello all Eurobricks members, I will be presenting my first review on one of the Harry Potter's set. Firstly, I must emphasize that I am not a very big Harry Potter fan or owned many Harry Potter sets. For this review, I will be highlighting what is the beauty of this small little set, and the reasons to own multiple sets of it. Comments and critics are strongly welcomed. This set is featured in the Harry Potter movie, Prisoner of Azkaban. This set is orignally released in 2004, align with the Harry Potter's movie. This was actually one of the movie scene where Buckbeak the griffin is appeared in the movie. The group of students are supposed to be having up close and personal with him. However, Draco decided to disturb our lovely Buckbeak. Enough of this movie synopsis, I am sure fans of Harry Potter will know this better. Box art Featured mini-fig/creature Background scene The scene is a simple garden, which had a very good mixture of spare parts for your MOCs building. On its own, there is nothing outstanding about this set, except for the griffin. You can buy multiple sets for the griffin alone and for Draco mini-fig. Well, you don't need lots of Draco. But for Castle lovers, black cap are exceptionally useful, at least from my view. Now, I will point out the following why this sets is so great for other reasons. Hidden cover Note that, this is the only mechanism which you can find in this set. It looks rather simple but quite useful. There are some little things hide in it too. Greens, Foilage and Brown parts Needless to say much, it offer 3 foilage, a green plant, 3 brown slopes, 2 ideal bricks and 1x1 brown brick for building a tree. Great for jungle building, forest building and etc. I am sure there are many builders will look out for these. Interesting parts It comes with a wizard book, owl, 2 printed tiles with a spider and stone prints on it. The far right, seriously I don't find any good use for it. Can any EB members enlighten me on that gray thing on the right? Grey parts It comes with a good 10 x 4 green plate. Useful for adding as a platform. Some more grey slopes for your MOCs. There you have it, Draco encounter with Buckbeak comparing with Deep Forest Ambush As you may remembered recently, there was an impulse set competition. One of my entries, which is under the History theme. The Deep Forest Ambush was firstly inspired by this set, and made an improvement out of it. Look at the improved tree compared with the orignal. Summary review Playability: 4/10 (Not much to play with, except swooshing around the Griffin) Design: 5/10 (Too simple and its defintely not related with the movie scene) Parts: 10/10 (Great for parts, explained by the review. A great deal of green and brown parts) Price: 9/10 (An inexpensive set based on the 2004 pricing) Overall: 7/10 (A must have for all Harry Potter fans and collectors whom needs a great use of green and brown parts) Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. More pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated) Let the Potter magic begans! Edited by WhiteFang, 09 June 2008 - 02:45 PM."], [0, 'A very nice little review of a pretty nice little set that I wish I\'d bought between 1 and 10 of. Just for the griffin. Oh well. Your review has shown me that it\'s useful for more than just that, so maybe I\'ll try to pick one up someday. Can\'t have too many black capes, books, or printed things. Speaking of which: WhiteFang, on Jun 9 2008, 09:41 AM, said: Interesting parts It comes with a wizard book, owl, 2 printed tiles with a spider and stone prints on it. The far right, seriously I don\'t find any good use for it. Can any EB members enlighten me on that gray thing on the right? The gray thing is technically a plume, like any castle plume, except in this case it\'s a feather (presumably from the griffin), and made from the mold to the old Indian feathers in the Wild West sets. It\'s a case of an old part coming back for a slightly new use, in a new colour. Beyond that, the "stone print" tile is a bundle or rolled up blanket or package, depending on where it\'s used. I don\'t think it\'s ever meant to be a stone. It was used as a rolled up pack on the back of the Star Wars speederbikes, for example. Nice pics, plenty of useful information. I\'d give this review an A+ Thanks for doing it!'], [1, 'I own about 6 copies of this set!'], [1, "This is one of the few sets I've bought more than one (2!) of. It has a really good selection of pieces, and your review really does it justice, WhiteFang. Multiple Hippogriff/Griffins On! Edited by Shoc, 11 June 2008 - 05:58 PM."], [0, "Thanks for the review, you made me very jealous... I want it also in multiple... But I don't own any of it. Oh, well for later then..."], [0, 'Thanks for that nice review of a really interesting and pretty cool set. At least, a Griffin, I guess, is pretty close to an unicorn or a dragon, huh?'], [1, 'Thanks for the nice review - it was one of the first ones I got when emerging from my dark ages . I bought two of these, just for Buckbeack - I thought he would make a good statue in a Persian temple type MOC. I also liked the minifig head pumpkin and plant part in bright green - both new pieces to me at the time. All in all, it was a good castle or forest building set with a nice selection of pieces for rocks, grass, plants and trees. The dark bley plume piece also now appears in the 10185 Green Grocer set as detailing on the roof of the turret.'], [1, 'Guys, thanks for your kind comments! I am glad that you have enjoyed this review. For this set, I think I bought about 7 to 8 sets, all for the griffins. It\'s used for my griffin riders in my Castle collection. Now, the green and brown parts come in very handy for Castle MOCs too. imperialshadows, on Jun 9 2008, 11:13 PM, said: A very nice little review of a pretty nice little set that I wish I\'d bought between 1 and 10 of. Just for the griffin. Oh well. Your review has shown me that it\'s useful for more than just that, so maybe I\'ll try to pick one up someday. Can\'t have too many black capes, books, or printed things. Speaking of which: The gray thing is technically a plume, like any castle plume, except in this case it\'s a feather (presumably from the griffin), and made from the mold to the old Indian feathers in the Wild West sets. It\'s a case of an old part coming back for a slightly new use, in a new colour. Beyond that, the "stone print" tile is a bundle or rolled up blanket or package, depending on where it\'s used. I don\'t think it\'s ever meant to be a stone. It was used as a rolled up pack on the back of the Star Wars speederbikes, for example. Nice pics, plenty of useful information. I\'d give this review an A+ Thanks for doing it! I am very happy that you enjoyed and find my review useful. Thanks for enlighten me. Now, I know where is the origin of that gray plume. I wonder if I can use it to match with my castle knights as its plume. In addition, I mistook the rolled up pack as the stone print tile. Why didn\'t I think of it? I must have overlook it, and used it as a stone tile instead. Nevertheless, I am glad you have give me some good insights on the parts that I am not familar with. svelte_corps, on Jun 10 2008, 10:49 AM, said: Thanks for the nice review - it was one of the first ones I got when emerging from my dark ages . I bought two of these, just for Buckbeack - I thought he would make a good statue in a Persian temple type MOC. I also liked the minifig head pumpkin and plant part in bright green - both new pieces to me at the time. All in all, it was a good castle or forest building set with a nice selection of pieces for rocks, grass, plants and trees. The dark bley plume piece also now appears in the 10185 Green Grocer set as detailing on the roof of the turret. I never thought of using Buckbeak as a statue for worship. I find this concept very interesting. Yes, I agreed that this set offers new parts at that time. Personally, I pretty like the green plant. Good for any kind of terrain settings. I did not realise that the dark bley plume piece appear in the Green Grocer. Thanks for pointing out. Edited by WhiteFang, 10 June 2008 - 03:39 AM.'], [1, 'great review. nice set for plants, huh? too bad i didnt get thus set... but luckily my neighbor did! that griffin is nice for castle MOCs, and that orange head (pumpkin, i know) seems rare to me. not much else to say...'], [1, 'Ohhh great idea to review the "old" Potter sets! Especially the line from Prisoner of Azkaban... I was in my Dark Ages then. Luckily I was able to catch up on the missed figs with one internet order. This Draco is the best TLC has made, if you ask me. The new one (also doubling for Belloq and "guards" in the Indy line) doesn\'t look quite as hautain as this one. Buckbeak looks cool. Looks like his neck/head can be moved, right? Rather similar to LEGO horses. Well designed. The orange brick doesn\'t have a pumpkin face on it, right? Unlike the one from Philosopher\'s Stone in the set with the troll. I\'m looking forward to more reviews by you, sir WhiteFang! Good work'], [0, 'Mr Spielbrick, on Jun 11 2008, 04:28 PM, said: Ohhh great idea to review the "old" Potter sets! Especially the line from Prisoner of Azkaban... I was in my Dark Ages then. Luckily I was able to catch up on the missed figs with one internet order. This Draco is the best TLC has made, if you ask me. The new one (also doubling for Belloq and "guards" in the Indy line) doesn\'t look quite as hautain as this one. Buckbeak looks cool. Looks like his neck/head can be moved, right? Rather similar to LEGO horses. Well designed. The orange brick doesn\'t have a pumpkin face on it, right? Unlike the one from Philosopher\'s Stone in the set with the troll. I\'m looking forward to more reviews by you, sir WhiteFang! Good work No printed face on the pumpkin since the event didn\'t happen on or near Halloween, unlike the whole troll situation I also agree that this Draco is the best one, the new one looks too much like a Draco from the oldr films, when he smirked a lot more, but, since very character got a redesign...They had to "tune him up" even if it meant changigng him for the worse'], [1, 'Guys, thanks for your comments! Glad you find this review useful! And be sure to watch out for more old sets reviews. Mr Spielbrick, on Jun 12 2008, 12:28 AM, said: This Draco is the best TLC has made, if you ask me. The new one (also doubling for Belloq and "guards" in the Indy line) doesn\'t look quite as hautain as this one. Buckbeak looks cool. Looks like his neck/head can be moved, right? Rather similar to LEGO horses. Well designed. Mr Spielbrick, thanks for pointing out some important highlights for the review. I have overlooked it earlier. I strongly agreed with you, that this Draco is the best TLC made. I pretty like the face compared to others. Furthermore, I used my multiple Dracos, for my castle armor guards instead. One could not have too many Dracos. Buckbeak design is well made. The head can be moved upwards and downwards. The mechanism is similar to the horse design. In addition, Buckbeak wings can be removed. Similar to the typical green or black dragon wings that we used to see in the past. Well, the main reason for me to buy this set was in fact Buckbeak. You don\'t often find a griffin lying around except in Harry Potter sets. Mr Spielbrick, on Jun 12 2008, 12:28 AM, said: The orange brick doesn\'t have a pumpkin face on it, right? Unlike the one from Philosopher\'s Stone in the set with the troll. Sorry to said, there is no print on that pumpkin face. It\'s pure orange.'], [1, 'I bought about 5 or 6 of these sets when they were on sale in mid- 2006. I still have a few of them laying around unopened. I think I payed like under $5 for each and thats a great deal for all the variety of neat parts you get with this set.'], [0, "nice review. I like the treemaking pieces the most of this not very expensive set. The Buckbeak fig is very nice and can bow his head like the horses. I was annoyed to get another Draco without some other not made figs (Pansy Parkinson for example). About the dark bley feathers; In the second version of Hogwarts there were several of these feathers put in little 1x1 cones like it was a feather to write with it. I bought 2 sets of these and when they were for sale I just bought +/- 6 more of it. Only annoying that I had then even a bigger army of Draco's."], [0, 'I see a lot of good reviews on this site, but this one is superb! Good job. Tom'], [0, 'I\'m looking forward to getting this set, as well. The Hippogriff will become the valiant steed to my princess minifig for her comic adventures. I\'m really annoyed that the Harry Potter sets were released during my "dark age". I so would\'ve wanted all of them.'], [1, 'Yay! The Monster Book of Monsters! Now I want this! I also love the Buckbeak figure! It looks very realistic for a LEGO version of something, usually they are much worse (Look at the goblins, for example)'], [0, 'Very cool review !'], [1, 'Hello EB! Yes, I\'m cranking out the reviews! The other day I picked up this gem for an okay sales price at Devonport, Tas, while searching for the new Batsets. I informed iamded of this as he is a Spidey-suckup ( ) and he informed me this was the only set he didn\'t have of the Wave 2 of this theme. So I ask you great EB members to please remind him of this when commenting! Here we go with the review of Doctopus\' lair: Anyway, unlike other reviews, this stars more people, the Batbrick-iamded-dragonator-Daisy review! (Daisy is the mouse that came in the set) First up re the figs, and I must say they are great. I love fleshies and these are excellent to expand my Batman world, plus having a Spiderman to beat up is good too Doctopus is great, though his tentacles are annoying to keep in order. Peter Parker is a nice addition, I love that torso. Eve though Harry Osborn was totally absent from this scene, I welcome him as he is a good fig also. Best of all is Mary Jane, fleshie females are hard to come by and I love that hair, my very first one! Oh, and even better is bley Daisy on the far right: Another fantastic thing is that by mixing MJ with Doctopus you get a far more deadly and real villain than anyone could\'ve forseen - The Hippy! Oh c\'mon, tell me that ain\'t cool? Anyhoo, here is a pic of Doctopus showing his might: Random fact: Did you know I influence both dragonator and iamded in their sigfigs? dragonator adapts his from my IA series while iamded added Mutt hair when I had him like that in a pic I posted. Now onto the box, sorry about the lighting. The art is good and the cartoon spidey in the corner may have beenthe inspiration for a similar style in the new Batsets: Back of the box. Again, sorry about the lighting and blur, it was gtting late and these were the last pics: Finally we get to the first part of the set: The catapult. Is that movie accurate or what? I love the part in SM2 when he uses his homemade genetic spider powered catapult to launch himself to the scene! Oh well, it does comes with a cool spider web an trans blue spider, so it gets some points: And it is really fun! I launched spidey several metres once, I don\'t think he ever recovered. Infact, he almost certainly webbed himself Slightly cooler extras are these two. This awesome little boat is great for city, as is the simple but nice bouy, Daisy approves: Naturally dragonator ruins everything when he found out the "dragon" that would be riding with him was our nickname for Daisy Now finally, the main attraction - Coctopus\' Dock. iamded and I threw dragonator in the water to see if he could swim. He er, couldn\'t One Sweeney todd later, we continue! The overall construction of the building is very good. I know a lot of people hated stickers and i hated applying these, but they do look spectacular and perfect for any City setting, like a bank, a Gotham Bank As iamded has already noted below me the black lifesavers a very cool as are the web piece and log pieces: The inside contains the neutron copperplate triple bypass humdrum holy hum 5000, which does does, see movie. Anyhoo, it is very cool, and includes a little control thingy on the yellow brick next to it. Unfortunately, the inside is plain but for that: The other side has no wall too which is a bit of a letdown really, but atleast it allows Daisy easy access. one gripe is those yellow 1x1 bricks, they serve no purpose and break up the colour scheme: Better shot of the thingy thing. I quite like it, the use of technic parts actually works, and the whole set is worth it for those purple flames and dishes alone It closes up pretty well too, unable to hit the dish which is a nice feature: Me and iamded liked it so much we threw a revived dragonator into it. Unfortunately it disagreed with him, but it was fun: Another shot of the dock. I like how they have gaps in the jetty, I know the movie version was pretty wack, and although the set isn\'t very faithful to it (looks more like a seaside library to be frank) it still is very nice. This is my first large blue baseplate too which is wonderful, though funny how the set only uses about half of it: The roof is a well designed and fun feature, it uses some technic connections to render it flexible of any degree, as you can see here by my opening of it: Better shot of the roof design, it can lie flat or at any angle. I might use the design myself in the future: As much as I love the building this feature bugs me, for in order for it to work this wall has to stick out, which not only looks ugly but makes you be able to see through the corners. Still, easily modded, and log pieces are fantastic for mocing. It also means that there are 7 windows all up for a good, sizeable building: By pulling out the piece in the center the walls both collapss sideways outwards, which is actually pretty fun and works everytime: Overall view of the set including characters: Now for the story that makes no sense....at all: Spiderman is dead after falling down the wall mechanism (see above): Only Daisy can save the day! For dragonator is being held by the evil Doctopus! And iamded and dragonator are too busy not caring! And Brainbox is too busy complaining that this goes against all Marvel continuity! Unfortunately Daisy is on a lunchbreak so tough luck dragonator: And Daisy goes on a search for fortune and glory: Okay, this is what I think of the set: Build: 3/5 - Fun, but those stickers ruin the experience somewhat, and if you don\'t apply them the instructions are a bit hard to follow. Playability: 4/5 - Great little gizmos and bits, not the kind that keep you going like with the 2007 Aquabase, but good fun still. Design: 4/5 - Not very movie faithful no, but still a great little building and a smart design for certain aspects. Minifigs: 5/5 - Great figs with all different faces and very useful bits. Price: 2/5 Far, FAR overpriced even on sale sadly Total: 18/25 - A good set that could\'ve been better with a few minor changes. Nothing wrong with it, but it doesn\'t really cross the line to greatness. That said, it has a lot going for it and definitely worth buying or atleast a look! Thanks for reading Batbrick Away! Edited by Batbrick, 13 June 2008 - 12:21 PM.'], [1, "Lookin' good so far! Though I must say it's Doc Ock, not Dok Ock... The catapult is, well, ridiculous, but the boat is very spiffy, and the buoy is a nice addition! I actually like the stickers on the window pieces, perfect for this building, and great for post-Apoc scenes. Black life-saver rings are a nice addition too.Anyway, hurry up dragonator and Batbrick! And Daisy! I want to see the rest of the review! ~iamded away!"], [0, 'Great review as always, Batbrick! ) I always enjoy reading them because they really make my day! )))) I hope that we shall see more and more.... Good day, gentlemen! )'], [0, "I got this set in 2006 in a 'Byrnes World of Wonder' toy shop. I dont remember how much, but it was a deal. The box was all battered but it had everything. Good review Batbrick."], [1, "Thanks for the review, even if it is a number of years late. I picked this up whn it came out, and thought it was a rather cool set (besides the catapult). Plenty of cool pieces, and the baseplate has found a use in the Batcave. Although I think my dad managed to spill some beer on it at one point. That was awful to clean off... Batbrick, on Jun 13 2008, 10:44 AM, said: And Brainbox is too busy complaining that this goes against all Marvel continuity! I wasn't expecting that! There I was, casually scrolling down, when I stumbled onto a picture of me."], [-1, 'WHERE IS MY SOAP????!!!! Haha, anyway, nice review as always, Batbrick! I too have the set and hate the wall jutting out, catapult, and missing wall. But hey, review.'], [0, 'Great review Batbrick, I was curious as to what the interior of the building looked like, I still think that there should have been a few random chains or something lying around as they may add to the abandoned feeling that the ware house had. Though I have to admit that I really like the roof dock and minifigs as some of them make good average civilians that are somewhat hard to come by in todays sets . Great comic as well it seemed to add a lot to your review, hope you can review another Spider man set soon . BTW as Adam mentioned I believe you owe me a bar of soap, for reading your review ... Edited by MacK, 14 June 2008 - 12:59 AM.'], [1, 'Great review. The hippy and the "story" at the end were hilarious. I think this was easily the best of the Spiderman 2 sets. You\'re right though - it wasn\'t movie acurate, as the actual movie dock was far shabbier and more trashed than this. Ah well, I guess TLC couldn\'t do everything.'], [0, "Batbrick, on Jun 13 2008, 09:44 PM, said: For dragonator is being held by the evil Doctopus! And iamded and dragonator are too busy not caring! Wait... dragonator's not caring that he's being held by Doc Ock? What are you doing? A very nice finish to the interview, now I really want this set! The story at the end was neat (except for Spidey dieing! ) but my favourite part was the exploding dragonator. Nothing personal mate, it just looks cool when people are thrown into fusion reactors! ~Peace"], [1, "Very good review! i always wanted this set, shame I didn't get it."], [1, 'Brainbox, on Jun 14 2008, 07:14 AM, said: Thanks for the review, even if it is a number of years late. I picked this up whn it came out, and thought it was a rather cool set (besides the catapult). Plenty of cool pieces, and the baseplate has found a use in the Batcave. Although I think my dad managed to spill some beer on it at one point. That was awful to clean off... Not late, just delayed Beer? And I though playdoh was bad.... Brainbox, on Jun 14 2008, 07:14 AM, said: I wasn\'t expecting that! There I was, casually scrolling down, when I stumbled onto a picture of me. Had to be done, and it fitted your character didn\'t it Adam, on Jun 14 2008, 07:40 AM, said: WHERE IS MY SOAP????!!!! Over there! MacK, on Jun 14 2008, 10:55 AM, said: BTW as Adam mentioned I believe you owe me a bar of soap, for reading your review ... See above. Grevious, on Jun 15 2008, 03:30 AM, said: Great review. The hippy and the "story" at the end were hilarious. I think this was easily the best of the Spiderman 2 sets. You\'re right though - it wasn\'t movie acurate, as the actual movie dock was far shabbier and more trashed than this. Ah well, I guess TLC couldn\'t do everything. Thanks Grevious, it is a great set. The hippy is awesome, it was hard to take him apart. iamded, on Jun 15 2008, 08:46 AM, said: Wait... dragonator\'s not caring that he\'s being held by Doc Ock? What are you doing? A very nice finish to the interview, now I really want this set! The story at the end was neat (except for Spidey dieing! ) but my favourite part was the exploding dragonator. Nothing personal mate, it just looks cool when people are thrown into fusion reactors! Yes, I agree, exploding dragonators are always hilarious! Maybe I should pm him that pic... As for dragonator not caring, it was late and I was getting careless Batbrick Away!'], [0, "Batbrick, on Jun 16 2008, 11:45 AM, said: Had to be done, and it fitted your character didn't it Well... yeah. You know me so well."], [0, 'Hmmmm... It DOES go against all marvel continuity! Oh yeah, daisy found a job working for indiana jones as a stunt double in the Temple of Doom!!!'], [0, 'A few years late, but great review! I really want to get this set!'], [0, "Great review! I wish I'd bought this set when it came out. Oh well..."], [1, 'Hi Everyone, Please note that this review was done back in 2006, so do forgive me if you happened to notice any dated comments. Product: 6205 V-wing Theme: Star Wars No of pieces: 118 Release Date: Feburary 2006 RRP: SGD29.90/USD9.90 Availability: Lego Shop@Home, Target, Toys \'R\' Us (US & Europe), Bricksworld (SG). Lego.com said: Rule the spaceways! The sleek V-wing fighter can adapt to any situation! Position the wings and flaps in attack mode to protect Palpatine\'s shuttle from enemies. Or position the wings in flight mode to survey the area for intruders! Either way, the V-wing is ready to strike for the Republic. Includes Clone pilot and R4 droid. Position wings in attack or flight mode! Sorry to all for the delay, since this was supposed to be done 3 days ago. Anyway, to get on with it... Quite a minimal amount of baggies for this set, as noticed. And the best thing is... no sticker sheet. Yippee!! :bounce: The completed v-wing. Though not really a complaint, it would be nice if the entire astromech body was provided instead of only the head dome. :p Of course, then it wouldn\'t be movie-accurate, since the Q7 series astro-mech is integrated with the starfighter. :lol: He\'s definitely well-painted for a simple mini-fig. Since even the back is painted too. I have to assumed this is the same mini-fig provided for 7259 ARC-170 Starfighter too, since I don\'t have that set. Anyway, this mini-fig is much more accurate for this v-wing since his suit is rated against vacuum, while those in the arc-170 aren\'t . :p One thing that\'s lacking is the instruments panel in the cockpit... it\'s totally non-existent here. I wonder what went wrong during the design stage. Personally... this is the second most anticipated set for 2006, the first being the tie interceptor, for me. One thing is that there\'s no known release of the V-wing starfighter by hasbro, nor the other well-known brands. The other thing is that being a star wars vehicle collector, I would really loved to see a replica toy of the V-wing. And the V-wing by the Lego Group does not disappoint... it\'s nearly movie-accurate, except for the cockpit transparisteel cover which could used some paint like the x-wing\'s. Also, there\'s a permanent landing gear that quite neat, since it allows you to land the craft on uniform surfaces. The s-foils on the other hand can be quite a pain to pose into flight position. Very difficult for the s-foils to remain symmetrical during play. The "swoosh-able" or play factor of this product is quite good... just check out the pics for yourself... :D *Crackle* General Skywalker, we have incoming! To conclude, the v-wing starfighter would make a much better companion to the Eta-2 Actis Interceptor (Jedi Starfighter), than the arc-170. Coz the arc-170 seems more like a long-range bomber to me, than a snub-fighter. :p And a final pic to show it at rest... Comments (For 2008) Just an updated pic to show my latest display on the clone wars Hmm... off the record, I do understand that sometimes, reviews by most tend to a certain set of guidelines like naming the set, and showing the boxed, and out of boxed pics, and of course, the grading portion. Regarding my review, I prefer not to grade any of the lego sets at all as far as possible, because to each, his/her own. My reasons to put up a review is not to belittle the efforts of TLG in coming out with these products nor to help them market them, but to show my appreciation and enjoyment of these products. I hope noone is offended by this, and would like to apologise for any misunderstanding that this may caused. For those who do not understand the above paragraph, care not for it and Play On! Like Me'], [1, 'Thanks for the detailed review valentin it had good picture quality and a nice little comic near the end. Although this is a slightly older set it still was a good one, I remmeber that I bought two of them to build up a small airforce for the Republic, and if I see another one I may buy it for use in the Starwars Comic game. Keep up the good work .'], [1, 'Thanks for another great review. I remember getting a few V-Wings cheaper because the boxes had been crushed on their way to the store. Not an "all-that" set, but still a fine parts pack with a decent design. KimT'], [1, 'Nice review! I would have snapped this up back in 2006 if i was not in my dark ages!'], [0, 'Great review! And what are the stands that you used? They look much better than the white bricks that I use.'], [1, "Nice review! Thanks valentin And a cool collection of prequel fighter you have there 'want'"], [1, 'Valentin, great review! Nice to see you here in Eurobricks. This fighter looks real neat. By the way, Bricksworld pricetag is still visible in your box-art.'], [0, "commanderbly42, on Jun 16 2008, 11:11 PM, said: Great review! And what are the stands that you used? They look much better than the white bricks that I use. Oh, those stands were once CD-R spindles. It's from the container that can hold 100 CD-Rs. Hi WhiteFang, can't deny that they were once my fav. hunts for lego, and yes, that price tag is a tad hard to remove. Well, while am delighted at the V-wing, I still kinda wish it had come with a printed brick for its instruments panel."], [1, "Thanks for the review; I've always liked that one but haven't had a chance to get it. Now I'm sold- or the set will be sold- to me !"], [1, 'Hmmm i must rebuild my SW Ships [A-wing,JSF & V-wing just to name afew] Nice review This is probable one of my favourite SW ships i cant belive i broke it for pieces [Just to make small crap mocs] Next time my friend comes over we will rebuild some of my SW ships [He always asks me if we can rebuild them so i finaly said yes ]'], [0, "Nice review, but I have to correct something for you: valentin, on Jun 15 2008, 09:53 AM, said: One thing is that there's no known release of the V-wing starfighter by hasbro, nor the other well-known brands. The other thing is that being a star wars vehicle collector, I would really loved to see a replica toy of the V-wing. This quote is wrong - here's a link to the Hasbro V-Wing photo archive over on Rebelscum.com"], [1, "Mofo Jones, on Jul 15 2008, 01:39 AM, said: Nice review, but I have to correct something for you: This quote is wrong - here's a link to the Hasbro V-Wing photo archive over on Rebelscum.com And I have something to correct for you! valentin, on Jun 15 2008, 09:53 AM, said: Hi Everyone, Please note that this review was done back in 2006, so do forgive me if you happened to notice any dated comments. The first sentence is your best buddy, my friend! Anyway, nice review! Love this set. DSR"], [0, 'Oops. Sorry, valentin!'], [1, 'IMO, this set is the best SW set of 2006. Its cheap and sturdy for me its 9.8/10'], [1, 'yes I RECOMMEND this set it was my second star wars set ever and I MUST say it was a STUNNER for me CommanderFox'], [1, 'Here\'s the 3rd of the whole batch of complete reviews done back in 2006. Hope you guys enjoy them so far. Product: 6206 Tie Interceptor Theme: Star Wars No of pieces: 212 Release Date: February 2006 RRP: SGD39.90/USD19.90 Availability: Lego Shop@Home, Target, Toys \'R\' Us (US & Europe), Bricksworld (SG). Lego.com said: Challenge the Rebels! Blasting out of Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi, the TIE Interceptor is the fastest fighter in the Imperial fleet! Open the cockpit canopy and fold down the instrument panel to put the TIE pilot inside and recreate your favorite classic Star Wars battles! Includes TIE fighter pilot! Cockpit opens and instrument panel folds down! It does seem to have more pieces than the average tie fighter, but this is actually cheaper than the 7263 TIE Fighter. Of course, there\'s no light-up feature in this set. :sweat: YesH!! Finally... A... Tie Interceptor!! This is probably the most anticipated for all set for all lego tie collectors worldwide, since the fighter, bomber, advanced, and even the Expanded Universe droid fighter had been released by the Lego Group. This set is near movie-accurate, since the bottom part of it ain\'t. :p The cockpit and pylons uses the same design as that of the tie advanced piloted by Darth Vader. Except for one minor change, that is the aft interior of the cockpit is strengthen this time. And this is indeed good news, since the older models had a problem of hard hinge and loose brick connection. There\'s no landing gear for this set, but it doesn\'t require it anyway. This tie interceptor balances perfectly on its wings. Standard instruments panel and, of course, standard imperial pilot. The "swoosh-able" or play factor of this set is definitely very high... Just take a look. :D *Camera view from own craft* *Camera view from Tie-Advanced* *Combat simulation of Endor\'s Battle from the archives* No bomber, since I started late in re-collecting. :p To conclude, for a typical lego fan, this set is a 60/40, 60 due to it\'s good design, and for a typical star wars fan, this is a must-get. The only flaw for this set is the same flaw for any lego set in SG, the price. :doh: Comment(Current in 2008) Being a starwars fan... no... being a typical toy collector, space is definitely a premium... so much so that I turned to lego starwars to sate my appetite for more starwars products when I already have no more display space. For the next few non-lego pictures, they are the crown of my starfighter collection in 1/18 scale. So just view them for fun, eh? And no, I haven\'t had the chance nor the time to do up a scene of my lego starfighters blowing up spectacularly since the pieces would be very hard to put back... Hmm... then again, isn\'t that what lego is about. "doH".'], [0, 'why have you uploaded this twice???'], [1, "Skipper 24, on Jun 15 2008, 08:02 PM, said: why have you uploaded this twice??? What do You mean, twice?? The Tie Interceptor is one of the best ties that have been made so far. Though You're pushing it when doing a review that has already been done by a precious member of this site Fine review for a great set. KimT"], [1, 'great set, but i scrapped it since im not big on space. nice set though, and a good review jifel'], [0, "Skipper 24, on Jun 15 2008, 08:02 PM, said: why have you uploaded this twice??? because this review is very good! thanks for all the pics! I want to buy that set too! they are so big! but why did Lego made them in these strange black/d.blue colors? this set is very old, I saw it one time in my local toyshop for 69 euro and now it's gone, pitty. will look on ebay."], [0, 'Great review!! Thanks for posting!'], [0, "Raptor, on Jun 18 2008, 02:10 AM, said: because this review is very good! thanks for all the pics! I want to buy that set too! they are so big! but why did Lego made them in these strange black/d.blue colors? this set is very old, I saw it one time in my local toyshop for 69 euro and now it's gone, pitty. will look on ebay. You saw it for 69 euro? Boy be happy you didn't buy it that's even for Europe-princing a completely insane price EDIT: Almost forgot - Very nice review! Thanks a lot. Haven't gotten this set yet but now I might Edited by Vaders_son, 18 June 2008 - 12:45 PM."], [-1, "I picked up this set mainly because of the many (5+spare) glow in the dark parts and the promise of 2 racers and one helicopter for the price of a little more than two racers (90kr. vs. 2x40kr.) The box The back of the box shows the two alternate models you can build if the polybags rip. There are 3 cheese slopes and two 1x2 tiles that glow in the dark, where the tiles are exclusive for this set. The total parts count is high at 142, but there are no really big pieces among them. Inside the box you will find the building instructions, a sheet with some odd sticky labels (thrown away) and 3 polybags marked by the bag building difficulty. The models The lime colored car doesn't bring out anything new. We have seen racers built like that before, but it does contain some nice bricks for the collection. The police cruiser surprises with an interesting design along the sides as seen here. It is harder to build because of the greater level of details: The helicopter is without doubt the hardest vehicle to build in a bag. I can't finish it because it's larger than the bag. You can't put on the top blades nor the tail of the thing, so it beats the forklift from 7733 where the top bar is the new kind that doesn't completely fit. There is also instructions for the alternate models, but it requires the bags to be opened... The vehicles are pretty standard for the racers theme with the police car being the highlight of the set Conclusion I like the difficulty curve between bag 1 and 2, but the last bag should be labeled 1000000 instead of 3. It requires some inhuman skills to build that helicopter in the bag... ? Lime colored car: 3 - We have seen it before, but it has some nice pieces... and lime. Police Cruiser: 9 - It has a massive diffusers, rare parts and a high level of details. It is a shame LEGO relies so much on stickers. Helicopter: 6 - if you see it as a set for one fourth of the price of the cars, it is quite amazing, but you can't bag build it and I would personally prefer some more detail instead of the big size. Overall it is a nice little set, but the police car is the main attraction. I wouldn't get the other vehicles if they were sold separately. Brickshelf gallery Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 07:03 PM. Indexed"], [0, "y'know you can open the bag"], [0, "why didn't you open the bags?????"], [0, "it's called challenging one's self :-P plus you can resell it as MISB since it's still sealed in the polybags lol"], [0, "there's something called opening the bag do you do this with everything lego set there's something called opening the bag do you do this with everything lego set"], [0, "now now, don't judge people who do this. there have been bigger sets that were done in the bag. to each his own :)"], [0, "Ahhh bag building... that takes me back. I suspect that if I didn't do my bag building topic my EB life would have turned out very differently. For the negative nancies, I suggest you try it. I bought a set just so I could, and I found it fun. (Not fun enough to do it again though!) Thanks for the interesting review."], [0, "adik_sa_lego, on Jun 17 2008, 10:02 AM, said: now now, don't judge people who do this. there have been bigger sets that were done in the bag. to each his own :) You make it sound like I did something deeply socially deviating... like being an adult playing with LEGO But back on topic. Open the bags? If they were meant to be opened, why did LEGO close them in the first place? Bag building is not for everybody. Some might become very frustrated with it and let their anger out on the set by lining it up on a mini golf course."], [0, 'Nice review. But I think bag building is a boring way to build.'], [0, 'I bought a Tiny Turbos set(A No-No for me) after I saw this "Bag Building." It\'s actually pretty fun. I built it faster than I would if I had opened the bags!'], [-1, "Seeming as there were no reviews of this set in the index I have uploaded mine from Jabbas Hutt . Here is my review for LEGO set 10178 Motorized walking AT-AT Because I live in the UK I got this set with 6 free duracell batteries which was great! (It's just twice as expensive as the US) Heres the basic set that is from the instructions. This is the cockpit but please note after I took this photo I realised it was slightly built wrong. Heres one of the feet in proportion to a minifig to give you a general size. This is Luke Skywalker swinging on a wire trying to destroy the AT-AT I really wish LEGO didn't make so many Luke's because I want differnt minifigs. It would also be nice for a thermal detonator piece. Underneath the AT-AT you can see the shaft that moves the back legs, the motor and squeezed in on the righ t the massive battery box. A load of cogs that move the legs. These are the included figures Snowtrooper, General Maximilian Veers, AT-AT Driver/Pilot or whatever you want to call him and Luke all whithout there wepons. please note Veers should have a dark stone snowtroooper torso with 4 red and blue badge things not 3. These are the figures with weapons I gave them and the included ones Snowtrooper has new style blaster, Veers has Standard light grey pistol like the ones from the old adventure sets, AT-AT driver has old style blaster which I call heavy Blaster and Luke has SHINY HANDLE blue Light Sabre . The Shiny blue light sabre was included with the set which is a bonus because i really dont like the grey ones. http://www.brickshel...sc00521.jpg.jpg This is the switch which is attached to the battery box on either side of the AT-AT underneath the lift up side panels. you push the forward to walk forward and backward to walk backwards simple eh . A front veiw with the the panels open. Here are the Drivers controls which are simply a cotrol panel and 2 exo-force robot hands which are joystick things seen in the film if you look closley. The almost useless carry handle. This is the weird back piece. Looking down the AT-AT from the back where you can see the the battery box and switch. Troops decending from ropes and cables and Vader leading the assult for this I hadnt got any more imp's so I used Clones Pilots. (I now have a whole load more snowtroopers) Solo and Chewie sabotaging. More troops to squash rebel scum huzahh! A very bad picture of everyone packed up inside. The size incomparison to its predecessor Overall I would give this set 9/10 because it should come with more snowtroopers or it could be and Endor version with loads of strormies and scout troopers. Aswell as this you can really sit any one down because of the battery box but I stilll find space to put all the shown figures on this review in the interior as you can see on the above image the chains and ropes are hanging down a bit. Tjis set is now limited to 5 per customer in the UK and now no longer comes with free batteries. The walking on this is a bit wonky and dosen't really walk like they do in the film as it moves two legs at a time. I am currently attaching a motor to the head to make it move independently."], [-1, 'Nice review, I have the original AT-AT and I like it a lot. Considered buying this one but it being motorized made me not. Also, I think a set this size could really come with some more snowies! Benny'], [1, 'Great review Indexing it, as I write this. How come You think the CTT is the AT-ATs predecessor? Do you mean the motorized AT-AT or AT-AT\'s in general? I think this is a great set and I am very fond of mine. It\'s one of the few SW sets of mine that is on "parade" at all times. Most are packed away in the attic. KimT [BTW it\'s not alone, the older version of the AT-AT is keeping it company]'], [0, 'KimT, on Jun 19 2008, 03:42 PM, said: Great review Indexing it, as I write this. How come You think the CTT is the AT-ATs predecessor? Do you mean the motorized AT-AT or AT-AT\'s in general? I think this is a great set and I am very fond of mine. It\'s one of the few SW sets of mine that is on "parade" at all times. Most are packed away in the attic. KimT [BTW it\'s not alone, the older version of the AT-AT is keeping it company] The body looks exactly like it.'], [0, 'I mean by the Clone Turbo Tank turned into the AT-AT I think in the films. When they changed all there technology and vehicles when they became the Empire.'], [0, 'As far as I know the AT-AT was a invention by General Veers himself? Benny'], [0, 'Nice job with this review Skipper'], [-1, 'Nice review! I echo the sentiment that more snowies would have been better.'], [-1, 'Nice review ! The "Driver/Pilot whatever you call him" ( ) \'s helmet looks kind of odd, and why does have a long red pole instead of a kick-butt lightsaber?'], [0, 'Vaders_son, on Jun 19 2008, 01:57 PM, said: As far as I know the AT-AT was a invention by General Veers himself? Benny i doubt that. the atat was used in the clone wars.'], [0, "Smith_Boy, on Jun 20 2008, 06:01 PM, said: i doubt that. the atat was used in the clone wars. Well you never know, maby Veers was around then, just because it was used in the clone wars dosent mean that Veers didn't design it. to Wookiepedia!"], [0, 'Vader had a red pole because I think it makes him look bigger and in the films I doubt it is but I think his saber might be bigger.'], [-1, 'I never got the set. It looked way to skinny. I came close to buying it for the figs but then decided not to. If you compared this one to the later one there is a big difference. This one just didnt seem proporshined with the legs and its body.'], [1, 'thank you for the review, Skipper. I never got this set because it was too expensive, and motorized. It completley reminded me of the old robotic toys called Zoids, or maybe even Gundum. At least the figs are great. A chrome lightsabe hilt for luke, ecxellent. and the pilot is cool too, and another snowie doesnt hurt. and i didnt even know about the commander guy (whatever you call him), so people could have made a custom DS this whole time?! thanks again!'], [1, 'This is one of those sets that you just have to have, I mean a motorised AT-AT is a dream set for original trilogy fans and has an awesome set of minifigures.'], [1, '10143 Death Star II Production year: 2005 Pieces: 3441 Minifigs: 0 Price: 299 USD peeron.com 10143 Gallery The Review Ph4tDuD3:"DS review!!!?!!! - u 2 kewl 2 do diz" Me:"Yes" Ph4tDuD3:"Kewl..do u have pix of the minifigs?" Me:"Erhm..what minifigs?" Ph4tDuD3:"The ph4t figs from the DS!!1" Me:"This is the other Death Star" Ph4tDuD3:"OMFG there\'s more than 1" Me:"Yes" Ph4tDuD3:"keeeeewl. must have!!" Me:"Goodbye" [pushes the incinerator button] Ph4tDuD3:"wut?! nooooooooooooooooooo..........." and on that note, let\'s start the reivew of the UCS DEATH STAR II. Now this is an older set (2005) and I\'ve only gotten around to buying it a short while ago. It took me around 2 evenings to build it and I must say that I am fairly impressed by this set. Time for a box pic: The Build: Since I started building this huge (small moon size) set at Morten\'s appartment, I wanted to keep as few polybags open at any given time as possible. With this set it is actually possible to have a minimum of bricks scattered over a table or two while building. Not sure why, but the division of bricks in the different polybags just work very well. And that is great with a set this size - 3441 bricks. The building of the set is divided into several "Build this times x". For example the upper and lower part of the "unshielded" DS are completely alike. This is difficult to see when looking at the model, but heaven when building it: And this is how they solved the problem of having the wings connected to the buttom of the Death Star - geniously done IMO: Note that in the first pic the "skeleton" is easily seen. "The skeleton" holds the X to which both the upper and lower part is "clicked" on with technic pins. Also there\'s a steering wheel (I\'m sure there\'s a pirate name for that ) like the one in the bottom, in the top of the model to hold the upside "wings". So after having build duplicate wings (upper and lower), the "belt" (all the way around the star) and the upper and lower part of the "unshielded" side, it was time to step back and watch the Death Star II in all it\'s glory: Such a great UCS set. Now I did have a few "huh\'s" during the build: HUH! #1 In the instruction the technic lesser-dragon-head should be dark grey, but I got it in light gray. Go figure and thank you replacement parts. I\'ve experienced this before and apparently TLG uses different colours when "out-of-stock". All one has to do is call them and ask for the right colour and it\'s on it\'s way Still a HUH! experience. HUH! #2 Again it appears that TLG changed the design of the technic axleholed 1x2 bricks. The bottom has changed and I got the set where it was mixed up between "old" and "new" version. Not that annoying, but still got me perplexed as to: "Am I doing this right?" Kinda stressing to consider taking most of the star apart to check the remaining 231 technic bricks 1x2 with axlehole. Now for a verdict: : 1: looks great 2: even my "wife" likes it - female appeal 3: it\'s a great build 4: the polybags work for you 5: it\'s Star Wars 6: the design is awesome : 1: it wobbles if you touch it 2: very small parts come off, if you touch it 3: parts come off when you try to move it somewhere safe 4: zero swooshability So in short (yes even shorter]: The DSII is a well designed UCS set that has a great design. Like most other UCS sets, it is not meant for play - hence don\'t play with it. UCS verdict (the numbers) 5/10 (design++/instructions+-/bricks+-/sturdiness--/colourscheme+-) design: awesome look and great greeble set instructions: easy to follow steps with bricks mentioned hard to see wether it\'s black or dark grey bricks: loads of great bricks a zillion bricks of the same type sturdiness: DON\'T TOUCH colouscheme: grey in grey with a little touch of black Need a missing instruction? Then click the logo'], [-1, 'Thanks for the review KimT - it comes at a... confusing time You can take off the top disk and lift it like the Millennium Falcon from the top Now. I actually don\'t like this set that much. It takes about 5 hours and 15 minutes to build if you do it in one go, but the repeating sections makes this built the most tedious I have experienced. It has way too many holes from which you can see the colorful skeleton and is overpriced compared to the older 10030 ISD. I remember thinking it was too expensive when it was 50% off at S@H! Even the Snowspeeder was "kewler" to less than half the price:'], [-1, 'Hmmm, ive still got this set and i must say, i think you did a good job of reviewing it. But... Overall, i hate the set, probably the worst UCS set so far (apart from the naboo fighter but that hardly even counts as UCS) from my experience. Unless you really really want it and have nothing better to spent your $$$ on, in that case go for it. But in my case, it was a very repetitive build and final model was quite... well, bland, not must variety to it, if you know what i mean.for the price, i would really reccomend the UCS star destroyer, because thats a much better story..'], [-1, "Thanks for the review. Eh, honestly, I though this was awful ever since I first saw the pictures. To me, an incomplete grey ball doesn't really work as a special UCS kit, for the sole reason that it's BORING. Extremely so. Now, the new Death Star playset is a whole different story. They should have done that in the first place. Edited by Grevious, 24 June 2008 - 09:12 PM."], [-1, 'even though i never liked UCS, i absolutley hate this one. Sure, its great on display, but the build looks extremley boring to me, just stacking plate after plate. And as you said, its going to break a little if you touch it. The only intersting part for me is the firing laser. Although i do have to say the proce isnt too bad, i still wouldt buy it. And no minifigs so thanks for the review, but ill pass on this one. The new minifig scale DS looks awesome though, and this might have hyped some up who are buying the new DS,'], [-1, "Grevious, on Jun 24 2008, 10:12 PM, said: Thanks for the review. Eh, honestly, I though this was awful ever since I first saw the pictures. To me, an incomplete grey ball doesn't really work as a special UCS kit, for the sole reason that it's BORING. Extremely so. Now, the new Death Star playset is a whole different story. They should have done that in the first place. There's nothing to add to Grevious' post. Thanks but I never like the big grey ball. Benny"], [1, 'Great review KimT . I like this set (even if I don´t own it) because it looks simple fantastic to display. I just have one question: The mini Executor can be moved around the Death Star II or its attached to that place? Thanks for the review .'], [1, 'Good job KimT, it´s a really nice set. It will be interesting to see the size of DS2 UCS compared with the new Death Star playset. Keep up the great regulator job you are doing. Morten'], [1, 'darkrebellion, on Jun 25 2008, 12:39 AM, said: Great review KimT . I like this set (even if I don´t own it) because it looks simple fantastic to display. I just have one question: The mini Executor can be moved around the Death Star II or its attached to that place? Thanks for the review . It\'s attached to the DS and cannot move as such. Though there is 4 "spots" where it can be attached to the DS. Reading your comments on this set, I can see why TLG has been forced to put it on sale on the US S@H. I don\'t agree that the ISD is better - IMHO they\'re exactly them same - big and grey This is a question of personal liking - which is the coolest DS or ISD. Not comparative. I\'d still call this an ok UCS when looking at it individually, but there sure is a lot other UCS sets that would get a better score than 5/10. KimT'], [1, 'morten_sonne, on Jun 25 2008, 03:36 AM, said: It will be interesting to see the size of DS2 UCS compared with the new Death Star playset. I was thinking about the same!!! As for the review - thanks!!'], [1, 'Great concise review KimT, though its not for me, you held my interest all the way through! Thanks ISC'], [-1, "I think it's a very weird and boring UCS set, but... What a lot of grey plates! You could build something much better out of them, but it would be fairly flat. It looks very fragile though , my UCS AT-ST is... Edited by Shoc, 25 June 2008 - 10:28 AM."], [-1, "I also don't feel this is a very good set. But is that old grey? In which case it would be a nice part pack... Dr. Brick"], [-1, "Thanks for the review KimT! Honestly, like the others have said, I don't find any appeal in UCS sets, especially this one. It's just a big, incomplete, grey ball."], [-1, "The build was a bit boring and I suppose a big grey ball isn't all that interesting, but since the Death Star II in the movie is a big grey ball too, I don't see the problem. I didn't think it was particularly fragile. I don't care about minifigs or playability either. A few plusses: in my opinion it looked pretty damn impressive sitting in my LEGO room and the construction is really clever. All in all, I actually liked this one, but perhaps I have a different expectation of sets than most of you. Sets are mainly parts packs and would you look at the quantity of grey plate in this thing! (It's new grey BTW). I paid half price for it at shop@home UK, which is still a _lot_ more than half price from the US, and I didn't regret it for a second. Cheers, Ralph"], [1, "KimT, on Jun 25 2008, 08:34 AM, said: I don't agree that the ISD is better - IMHO they're exactly them same - big and grey This is a question of personal liking - which is the coolest DS or ISD. Not comparative. Here are some advantages that makes ISD win for me: - A lot more fun to build with less repetitions - It is easier to build alternate models from it! (How many alternate models of the DS2 have you seen?) - The bricks are more varied. - You get magnets! - It is a larger set if you look at the size"], [1, "Lasse D, on Jun 25 2008, 06:04 PM, said: Here are some advantages that makes ISD win for me: - A lot more fun to build with less repetitions - It is easier to build alternate models from it! (How many alternate models of the DS2 have you seen?) - The bricks are more varied. - You get magnets! - It is a larger set if you look at the size - It's more intresting to look at - It's got more variety of nooks and crannys"], [-1, 'Wow, what a letdown. I recently picked up this set, and I looked up this review to see what I was getting into. Not good news. The silver lining is that it was a "Damaged box" deal at Brickworld, so it only cost me $100 (half off the already lowered price) so it was definatley worth it as a parts pack, if nothing else. It\'s the last unopened/unbuilt "large" kit in my collection, so even if it is repetetive, I am going to build it anyway. It is likely however that I may substitute pieces to do away with the colored interior. I\'ve already determined that after it sits on display for a while, I want to do a Zepplin as an alternate build. Looking at the parts list it looks like its the perfect set for such an undertaking.'], [0, "I'd love to get my hands on one of these, but you'd need about three jobs to justify the prices of this guy on eBay. Fantastic review KimT!"], [1, "KimT, on Jun 24 2008, 03:22 PM, said: 4: zero swooshability I think its very swooshable, assuming you swoosh it at the same speed it moves in the movie. :D While I would never do something like this, I bet if you packed this sucker with a bunch of M80 firecrackers it would make for a fantastic end to a stop motion movie. With it being as delicate as you say it is I bet you wouldn't destroy any parts. Edited by gotoAndLego, 03 April 2010 - 02:57 PM."], [1, "Dang! So much negativity on a such spectacular set! This baby provides an amazing backdrop to any Lego inspired Star Wars diorama. And lets face it Lego tends to be a rectangular brick and somehow we now have a sphere!!! Guys... its a UCS. It accurately depicts the on screen icon and put plain and simple is a wonderful sculptural piece of work in its own right. I agree with KimT in that the removal of the laser and Super Star Destroyer gives it more authenticity but to call it a gray golf ball or ignore its inherent accuracy is simply to miss the point. It proved to be the best build to share with someone, be it family or friend due, to its repeated sections and impressive finish. Its a clever build and to criticize it for lack of playability or (I suspect for many) its absence of minifigs is just absurd and possibly why Lego has not released a proper UCS in nearly two years. I reckon many out there would love a UCS Tyderium, Imperial Walker or Slave 1 with a spectacular piece count be it minifig scale or just darn impressive in its own right. Sadly for those who love these sculptural masterpieces we're stuck with simple toys with 'play features' and cute minifigs. Clever in their own right but lacking the clout and purity of the old UCS line. Let's hope some diversity of product is just around the corner else 10179 was the last of the truly brave financial gambles of the Star Wars line...."], [0, 'I decided to re-read this review because I just got this set today. I dont really have a concern over the design or repeating build process because owning this set was never an option for me as I collect UCS sets... But I am surprised to see an almost total lack of positive posts. I really hope that I enjoy this build.'], [0, 'neoconagenda, on 24 June 2015 - 11:29 PM, said: I decided to re-read this review because I just got this set today. I dont really have a concern over the design or repeating build process because owning this set was never an option for me as I collect UCS sets... But I am surprised to see an almost total lack of positive posts. I really hope that I enjoy this build. Hi, you may find this thread interesting, I really enjoyed Bricklinking it'], [-1, 'I bricklinked it too back in the day. It was an interesting build - just thought building the "unfinished" hemisphere was kind of tedious.'], [1, "I've just ordered the bits for this from bricklink (I'm awaiting the final order now) so I'm interested in these comments. I can see that, since I'll be building it with the kids, I'll have to plan in plenty of breaks and do lots of parallel building to keep us all from getting bored!"], [1, '7656 General Greivous\'s Starfighter Release: 2007 Number of Pieces: 232 Minifigs: 1 Brickset Welcome! This is my first review, so contstructive critisism is very much appreciated! On to the review: First, we start out with the box: The box art is the same as always since 2006. nothing special. Then we start the build. The build is fairly easy, and will take the seasoned builder about 15-20 min to complete. Here is the finished model: and bird\'s eye view: As you can see, this ship is very sleek. The fins or "wings" each have an outer slope and an inner one, with the guns in between. There are also cones on the front of the fins, which give the ship an even more sleek look. In the middle of the wings there is the main body, with a big slope and stripes decorating it. This set has a very good playability factor, as I\'m about to show you now. The guns on the ship are pretty cool looking to begin with; a bley slope attaching a lightsaber hilt and a trans-neon green stud to the fin on each side. But theres more than what meets the eye: Yes, the guns flip up! ...and they can flip all the way back to hide them, for whatever case they need hiding. Lets have a look at the back, there is a tail fin used as landing gear and some lightspeed boosters: But wait... The tail fin can flip up for flight thanks to a hinge attached to the back of the cockpit. Heres another playability factor: The cockpit can slide open very smoothly and easily. Heres how this is possible: A clever system under the hood allows the cockpit to open. See those two bley pieces on the black ones? Those bley ones attach to the tan plates under the hood, and the hood and windsheild attach to the black peices. The black and bley pieces work together as a sliding system, so the cockpit opens. Viola! And then the cockpit snaps in place thanks to the red hook and clip. Its a very accurate system, and works very well. You\'ll want to open and close it over and over again! Now, finnaly to the fig: The General himself. A very impressive fig, with a new head and torso mold. In this set, (which is one of only two with Greivous in it) he comes with 2 green and two blue lightsabers, all with bley hilts ( ). I was hoping for chrome hilts, but its a minor fault. Grievous also comes with a new mold pistol blaster (not pictured). Heres the General in the cockpit (sadly a weak cockpit, no details): He just half lays down on a small slope. In this set, he doesnt come with a cape beacuse with it on, the cockpit doesnt close. Thats about it, heres the... FINAL VERDICT: Build: 7/10 Fairly easy but fun. A little bit weak. Playability: 8/10 Many playability factors, but some are boring or pointless. Swooshability: 8/10 very fun to fly around, sometimes pieces break off. Minifigs: 10/10 one amazing fig with 4 lightsabers and a new blaster. what more could you ask for? Design: 9/10 very sleek, but hardly any real texture. i like it, but others might want greebling. Price: 10/10 Overall Score: 9/10 A very cool ship with a very cool minifig and accessories. One of the best SW sets I have ever seen for its small price I highly recommend it to any kind of SW, LEGO, or SW LEGO fan. Hope you enjoyed my review, please leave feedback! Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 03:01 AM.'], [0, "You should have posted the entire review up! I am about to look at the gallery for the rest of the pics. EDIT: as soon as I post the images came thats weird. Nice review, is there more it says i'll be back? Good first Review! Edited by Skipper 24, 26 June 2008 - 09:11 PM."], [0, 'sorry about that Skipper, i added the topic after the first pic was uploaded just to make sure the pics would be in the post. You probably posted while i was editing it. And i had to go to visit my grandparents, im at their house right now. sorry if you got freaked out!'], [0, "Very nice review Jim! I haven't bought this set yet, but am planning to just to get a GG fig as I don't have one already. Bought an Imperial Landing Craft instead this week as it was on sale, but after this review, GG's fighter is sure to follow soon Benny"], [0, "The set no longer looks as ugly as I've always thought. Thanks for the review - I might have to pick one up now to go with the MagnaGuard Fighter."], [1, "That's a neat little set. I like the design of the fighter. Thanks for the review - it's been Keep it up KimT"], [0, 'Hey, thanks for all the feedback, guys! ill try to do the Sith Infiltrator this weekend.'], [0, "Yesterday I buy this set,and I'm waiting for a pack! This Review is very helpful! JimButcher, on Jun 27 2008, 08:34 PM, said: ill try to do the Sith Infiltrator this weekend. I wait!"], [-1, 'Does the sliding cockpit come off easily? My friends brothers breaks everytime you touch it, but he may have built it wrong. It put me off the set.'], [-1, 'Jameseh, on Jun 28 2008, 08:24 PM, said: Does the sliding cockpit come off easily? My friends brothers breaks everytime you touch it, but he may have built it wrong. It put me off the set. im very sad to say that SOMETIMES it does. but thats only if you hold it from the top and bottom with your fingers and thumb respectivly. But if you hold it in your palm or from the sides, it wont break. Emphasis on sometimes. But dont try to mess around with it by removing its pieces or adding new one, or modding it in any way, because the sliding mechanism wont agree with the mods and break. But this hardly takes away from anyone liking this set because, IMO, its perfect just how it is.'], [1, 'Yeah! General Grievous Starfighter will land in my house! Greate set, i LOVE decals - brown and sandy pattern... ingenious! BTW. When you show Sith Infiltrator Review? I wait... :)'], [1, "Nice work Jim for your first review. I must admit the set didn't really appeal to me at first, but your review has definitely shown off the cool functions built in to this ship, Well Done! Cheers ISC"], [0, 'nice review, i bought a couple of these for parts, the only thing i dont like about the ship itself (not the lego version, it does fine) is why is the Grand Droid General flying around in in a small fighter like this, i prefer the battlefront interpretation witch uses it as a bomber. anyway, great review! -York'], [0, 'thanks again, you guys. dont worry, the sith infiltrator review will be up this week. My computer has viruses, but now i got FireFox (complete with spell check!), so i should be able to go on the Internet ok from now on.'], [1, "Great review! I would get the set, but I'm saving for the Clone Wars sets."], [1, "Great set, great review! I have it too and I am very glad to own it! It will probably be the cheapest and best way to get a Grievous fig for a while (even though it doesn't come with a cape ). You guys know that you can use the new robot/skeleton arms from the Castle sets to make him hold his lightsabers horizontically, right? I always have him with two of each kind of arm."], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members, I will be doing the second wave of the 2008 Impulse set series, which had released recently. I bought this set earlier ago, and will like to share this comprehensive review with everyone of you. Name: Troll Warrior Theme: LEGO System / Castle Year: 2008 Pieces: 19 Minifigs: 1 An image of a 5618, Troll Warrior Let the march begin The mighty brave troll warrior, carrying a dangerous cart equipped with a "flick" fire missile. Marching into the lands of the Crown Kingdom. Crown Knights must be ready for this new troll addition. From what I see, this set has a very minimum piece count since it\'s an impulse set. There is no unique parts found in this set. However, this set has a couple of useful accessories, such as 2 spears and 2 wooden wheels and a grey mouse running around. This set is another alternative for Castle Army builders to buy multiple sets, to build a massive Troll armies. In addition, the flick missile really works. Use a little bit of force from your finger and flick it, the missile will fly. Well, it certainly does not impress me at all with such playing feature. Base of the cart Different angles There is one thing I dislike about this set. The wooden wheels are too big, and it is the same as the ones in the Crossbow attack. I prefer the smaller wheels that exist in old castle sets that produced smaller cart. Since this cart size is similar to the old cart size. The old wizard\'s cart is a very good example of the proposed wheel. Bits and Pieces Close-up on the warrior and the mouse Summary review Playability: 5.5/10 (The playability feature is not fanastic.) Design: 6.5/10 (Design is adequate. If the wheels is much smaller and the flicking thing disappear, the score will be much higher) Price: 8/10 (An inexpensive set to get a troll warrior and a mouse.) Overall: 6/10 (To conclude, this set is good only for army builders. A new range of millitary vehicle to be added. That\'s all) Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated) Edited by KimT, 10 August 2008 - 01:29 PM.'], [1, "It's all good... BUT!(I know, you expected a but ) It's a rat."], [1, "Thanks for the review. Bearing in mind that the whole point of this set is to get a cheap troll warrior, I actually quite like it. The cart isn't brilliant, but for 13 pieces it's not that bad. The troll fig is great as always, and I guess the rats are always nice to get (not so much in real life though). The sets that contain the trolls have a fairly solid number each (I mean, Tower Raid has three!), but nevertheless I think I may have to pick up a few of these. WhiteFang, on Jul 2 2008, 02:49 PM, said: In addition, the flick missile really works. Use a little bit of force from your finger and flick it, the missile will fly. Well, it certainly does not impress me at all with such playing feature. The troll's hands are going to get quite sore then aren't they?"], [0, "trooperdavinfelth, on Jul 2 2008, 03:15 PM, said: It's all good... BUT!(I know, you expected a but ) It's a rat. Or maybe a very large mouse"], [1, 'Its a good review but you forgot another thing. THE Troll needs a shiled like they used to in the 2007 castle line the sets always had shields for the minifigs and it could be better if it was 3.00 instead of 3.50 but yes it is a good impulse great army builder.'], [1, 'A more affordable troll warrior for those of us avoiding the large sets (me) is always nice! Thanks for the review! God Bless, Nathan'], [1, 'Very good, nice to see how its all played out. Nice review!'], [1, 'Guys, thanks for your kind comments. I am glad to know that you have enjoyed viewing this review. trooperdavinfelth, on Jul 2 2008, 11:15 PM, said: It\'s a rat. I thought by calling it as a "Mouse", it will be a little much friendly unlike calling it a rat. Brainbox, on Jul 2 2008, 11:20 PM, said: Thanks for the review. Bearing in mind that the whole point of this set is to get a cheap troll warrior, I actually quite like it. The cart isn\'t brilliant, but for 13 pieces it\'s not that bad. The troll fig is great as always, and I guess the rats are always nice to get (not so much in real life though). The sets that contain the trolls have a fairly solid number each (I mean, Tower Raid has three!), but nevertheless I think I may have to pick up a few of these. Norro, on Jul 3 2008, 06:10 AM, said: A more affordable troll warrior for those of us avoiding the large sets (me) is always nice! Thanks for the review! I must agreed with the both of you, that this is a much easier way to acquire these troll warriors at a much affordable price. I am glad these trolls are available in Impulse sets. Now, will there will be a dwarf impulse set in the future? I supposed that will be much interesting. G.L.MAN, on Jul 3 2008, 12:15 AM, said: Its a good review but you forgot another thing. THE Troll needs a shiled like they used to in the 2007 castle line the sets always had shields for the minifigs and it could be better if it was 3.00 instead of 3.50 but yes it is a good impulse great army builder. If this impulse set includes a troll shield, my rating will defintely go higher. This is a troll army builder set, with minimum feature and limited weapons range. If the troll comes with an armor or a shield, I will think this set is worth it. Troll armor is hard to get by, as it appeared only in Troll Warship and Tower Raid. Edited by WhiteFang, 03 July 2008 - 03:06 AM.'], [1, 'Grrr... you beat me to it! I got two of these in the mail today and was so eager to do a review of it. Thanks for saving me the work. Edited by Wilhelm screamer, 03 July 2008 - 03:30 AM.'], [1, "Ah, sweet! Thanks for the review, WhiteFang! I hope this set shows up in NZ soon, I can't wait to get my hands on it! Troll Warrior ON! ~Peace"], [0, "Hey, your review is great (as usual!!) As for the set itself - well, it's an impulse set after all - small and cheap, nothing special. Well, the rat is special, hehe, for me the rat is the most interesting in the set (cause I don't have a rat). I don't have a troll warrior either, but I'm not very interested."], [1, 'Quote In addition, the flick missile really works. Use a little bit of force from your finger and flick it, the missile will fly. Well, it certainly does not impress me at all with such playing feature. Something to toughen up kids fingers! thanks for the review, cant wait til I get this comes to OZ!'], [0, "WhiteFang, on Jul 3 2008, 04:06 AM, said: Now, will there will be a dwarf impulse set in the future? I supposed that will be much interesting. I certainly hope so. I only have one. hollisbrick, on Jul 3 2008, 10:25 AM, said: thanks for the review, cant wait til I get this comes to OZ! Hey, I'm still waiting for somewhere in the UK other than TLC itself to get the first wave of Impulse sets..."], [1, 'Nice review, i will definately need a few of these!'], [0, 'WhiteFang, on Jul 3 2008, 04:06 AM, said: I thought by calling it as a "Mouse", it will be a little much friendly unlike calling it a rat. Why is mouse friendlier than rat?'], [1, 'Guys, thanks for your kind comments. It seemed most of us here love this impulse set, mainly to build army. Guess, I am a little bit too critic in my review. I was expecting a little bit more! Nevertheless, I intend to buy multiple sets of this and build on my orc armies and split them into different battalions. This is indeed one of the better ways to acquire orcs. Wilhelm screamer, on Jul 3 2008, 11:30 AM, said: I got two of these in the mail today and was so eager to do a review of it. Thanks for saving me the work. Opps, I was eager to do a review as well, when I bought these sets. I hope you enjoyed reading this comprehensive review. Nikola Bathory, on Jul 3 2008, 04:08 PM, said: Hey, your review is great (as usual!!) As for the set itself - well, it\'s an impulse set after all - small and cheap, nothing special. Well, the rat is special, hehe, for me the rat is the most interesting in the set (cause I don\'t have a rat). I don\'t have a troll warrior either, but I\'m not very interested. Give the new theme a chance. I feel TLG have made an effort to revive certain elements that are present in past castle themes. Although it is not as good as the past, but it is certainly better than the recent castle themes. Shoc, on Jul 4 2008, 01:00 AM, said: Why is mouse friendlier than rat? Well, mouse sounded more friendly, because it can associate with Tom and Jerry. But, calling it a rat equal calling it a pest.. It\'s just a matter of putting it in different terms. That\'s all. Edit: Instead of posting another post to explain why I used mouse. I will write it here. Tom and Jerry is reflected as a cartoon. Children associate Jerry as a mouse, since its supposed to be heart-warming and make us laugh. In real life, there are many different pets we raised. One of the possible pets we considered is a mouse. Mouse are supposed to be shy and friendly creatures that live in harmony. While rats lived in packs, hunt food in the dark and is widely regarded as a "pest". In this review, I am trying to illustrate rat and associate it with mouse by presenting it in a much friendly approach. There is no right or wrong answer. It\'s just making use of different words to represent how I feel towards a particular thing. Edited by WhiteFang, 04 July 2008 - 08:08 AM.'], [0, "WhiteFang, on Jul 4 2008, 05:43 PM, said: Well, mouse sounded more friendly, because it can associate with Tom and Jerry. But, calling it a rat equal calling it a pest.. It's just a matter of putting it in different terms. That's all. The thing I dont get is how Jerry is friendly"], [1, 'This is a nice way of building up orc armies, but I do wish it was designed like the Knight impulse set. There you have a minifig, enough weapons and armor for two figs and a weapons rack made out of basic pieces. Add a generic fig from your collection and you have two knights and the pieces from the rack can be easily used in MOCs. The pieces that make up the siege weapon in the Orc impulse are not as easy to use in other creations. I\'d rather have seen a "Orcish" weapons rack (different from the Knights rack, but like it, using basic elements) with a second helmet, another weapon, the Orc armor and a shield to put on it. Still, although not as good as the Knight impulse, it\'s a nice little set. WhiteFang, on Jul 4 2008, 03:43 AM, said: Tom and Jerry is reflected as a cartoon. Children associate Jerry as a mouse, since its supposed to be heart-warming and make us laugh. In real life, there are many different pets we raised. One of the possible pets we considered is a mouse. Mouse are supposed to be shy and friendly creatures that live in harmony. While rats lived in packs, hunt food in the dark and is widely regarded as a "pest". Where I come from people keep both as pets. However, if either are found in the house uninvited, they are considered pests. And if you look at the Chinese zodiac, rats are very well thought of and are symbols of prosperity. The Brick Mouse Rat'], [1, "Thank you for the review. The set is nice, I didn't need the flickfire missiles and would have rather a orc/trol shield instead, but I think I will pick one up."], [1, "Hello all Eurobricks members, I will be doing a continuation of my Impulse set reviews. I was pretty excited when I laid my hands on these new impulse sets yesterday. Hope to give most of you a good insight for this set. Name: Street Cleaner Theme: LEGO System / Town / City Year: 2008 Pieces: 22 Minifigs: 1 An image of a 5620, Street Cleaner Let the cleaning begin The Street Cleaner has a job to do. It is to clean the rubbish on the streets, after a New Year Countdown. It seemed the cleaning agency have a new equipment to use. It's not as big as the previous street sweeper machine. The cleaner will need to operate the equipment manually, by pushing it. Look at the mess After sorting out Look at the pieces offered. It's not a very complicated set, since it's an impulse set. There are some pretty useful parts lying around such as the broom, spade. However, I was quite surprised when I could not find the lid of the rubbish bin. I can't used this rubbish bin to place it around my town, without a lid on top of it. I believed it is not a norm, by not including the lid. Look at that bin Well, that rubbish bin seem to be containing his equipment in it, instead of the rubbish. The cleaner's face looks pretty sad. I think he wants to have a change of job. Front View I love that blue brush very much. Quite fun to play with, especially pushing the rubbish aside. That's why a spade is there to help him to dig out the litter and the broom to brush it away. Ok, now I know why his face looks so sad! Where is that Street Sweeper machine? Summary review Playability: 6.5/10 (Not bad to play with) Design: 7.5/10 (The design is relatively interesting, with the use of the technic part, to be its foundation.) Price: 8/10 (An inexpensive set to get another cleaner and some neat accessories.) Overall: 7/10 (Not a bad set after all. Pretty average, but still quite good to buy if your towns required more cleaners.) Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf(When moderated) Edited by WhiteFang, 04 July 2008 - 03:44 PM."], [1, 'Thanks for the review . Not a bad price (of course, its impulse) for a fig, a little cleaner thing, and two accesories. The brush, fig, and spade i dont have yet, so i might just pick this up.'], [1, "Looking at this is making me want to build one of the favourite sets of my childhood, 6649 Street Sweeper (might do that today actually). Cheap. good pieces (despite the lack of a bin lid... that's just inviting disaster isn't it?), nice fig, and one of those blue brushes, which I've always loved but never managed to use. Thanks WhiteFang."], [1, "Glad you guys like the review. Brainbox, on Jul 3 2008, 06:19 PM, said: Looking at this is making me want to build one of the favourite sets of my childhood, 6649 Street Sweeper (might do that today actually). Cheap. good pieces (despite the lack of a bin lid... that's just inviting disaster isn't it?), nice fig, and one of those blue brushes, which I've always loved but never managed to use. The 6649 looks lovely, and I hope you managed to restore it. Indeed, a bin without a lid is inviting trouble."], [1, "Thank you for the nice review. This set looks good. I have too many of the blue sweepthings, but the fig is nice and I didn't have this face, so I will pick up one some day."], [1, 'Wow, what a great little impulse set! I relly dig the face as well as a chance to get some cool accessories like a broom, bin (no lid....sigh) and a mushroom top (Hat). A really nice review and story too Whitefang, i think this guy will be joining my set of Lego when he shows up in Australia. Cheers ISC'], [1, "Thanks for the review! Poor little minifig: This guy has to haul the heavy machine all the way from the depot onto the littered streets to locate some trash, but when he has finally found some and switches on the machine everything will be launched towards his pants.... No wonder he's looking sad.... A nice set though, and inventive too! When it comes to streetsweepers, I remember getting the first of it's kind on my birthday in 1991."], [1, "Hello all Eurobricks members, I will be doing a continuation of my Impulse set reviews. This will be the third review at a go. Hope everyone of you will find this review useful in a way. Name: Coast Guard Kayak Theme: LEGO System / Town / City Year: 2008 Pieces: 21 Minifigs: 1 An image of a 5621, Coast Guard Kayak Roll Roll, Roll your boat It seemed the coast guard has a kayak of his own, roaming in the sea, making sure that swimmers will be safe in the beach. Now, I am illustrating him as a life guard instead. This set is simply wonderful. Among the 4 new impulse sets, Coast Guard Kayak is the best looking set in my opnion. The kayak design is very simple but looks realistic . Furthermore, if you don't need it to be a coast guard kind of stuff. Use it as a leisure water spot instead down in the marina. I will think any LEGO citizen will love to have some water spot in their busy life. So come down here and wind down with this new sport. Bits and Pieces Kayak and the bouy The bouy is very useful to position it at the coast of your water to highlight the boundaries in the sea, and warning incoming ships or vessels. Oh, I did not make it tilted purposely. There is a white round base which allow it to tilt on both ends. Useful parts These parts are useful to add on in your city. Somehow, when I see that red cone, I can use it as a police stop, to inspect vehicles on the road or form a barricade with it. The bouy base shape is unique too. I like it very much. It is great to attached it by the side of the boat as a life bouy. The coast guard's life vest and helmet are very useful for water activites. The life vest was produced in past sets, and now it re-surfaced again. I am glad these vests made their way back. A look of him, without the life vest Summary review Playability: 7.5/10 (Fun to play with, especially the bouy when you see it moving up and down.) Design: 8.5/10 (Design is simple but straight to the point, especially the kayak design.) Price: 8/10 (An inexpensive set to get more coast guards and more kayaks.) Overall: 8.5/10 (A very good set to have in your LEGO town. The kayak is simply so lovely to me.) Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated)"], [1, 'Thanks for doing these Impulse sets, WhiteFang. This set looks like it has a good number of useful parts. I dont have the minifig torso or head, nor the oar or the life jacket.'], [1, "WhiteFang, on Jul 3 2008, 03:18 AM, said: This set is simply wonderful. You know, that's exactly what I thought. I love it! It's simple, well designed, and cute. There are some nice pieces in there as well, and I really do quite like the fig- the new coastguard torso looks great. Thanks!"], [1, 'Excellent review; I like how the new coast guard sets blare out NEW when you see them.'], [1, 'Thank you for the nice review. The set is nice, the pieces are nice. And the grey helmet is great for an additional Star wars rebel technician.'], [1, "I really enjoyed your review of the kayak! So many little things in one set that aren't currently in my collection. I didn't even realise it came with a buoy! Cool helmet, lifejacket, face, and oar, I will definitely need one of these! Cheers ISC"], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members, This will be my last impulse set review for the second wave. Hope everyone of you will find my reviews useful and helpful in your purchase. Name: Crystal Hawk Theme: LEGO System / Mars Mission Year: 2008 Pieces: 26 Minifigs: 1 An image of a 5619, Crystal Hawk Alpha 3 in Sector 5, reporting to base Alpha 3, Crystal Hawk, reporting for duty, Sir! May I present Mars Mission, latest scout craft, code named "Crystal Hawk". This spacecraft looks very sleek and cool with its usual white and orange color combination. I am not a fan of Mars Mission, but these white mini-figs simply attracted me for it. In fact, I only owned its impulse sets, and none of its main sets. Nevertheless, this set has the "swoosh" factor. I was swooshing around in my home last night. Well, I am not swooshing it like KimT though. Am I seeing double? Haha, the answer is "No". It has double sided face. I combined the pictures, to illustrate the two facial expressions. Bits and Pieces Different angles Love the way how the wings bend upwards and downwards. The only thing I find it a little bit wierd for spacecraft. Normally, I thought joystick is the typical navigation controls for a spacecraft instead of a steering wheel? I am not complaining about a steering wheel in a spacecraft. To me, it\'s quite an uncommon sight. Anyway, the white steering wheel is an useful part for making vehicles MOCs. Summary review Playability: 8/10 (Fun to play with when you bend the wings up and down.) Design: 8.5/10 (Design is simple, but creates a sleek and cool look.) Price: 8/10 (An inexpensive set to get more scout craft and mars mission mini-figs) Overall: 8.5/10 (A very good set to have for any Mars Mission fans, and for collectors like me whom can\'t afford all Mars Mission sets, this set is a very great alternative.) Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated)'], [1, 'One of the better impulse sets IMO.'], [0, "Thanks for pics. The Hawk, it seems to me, lacks a cockpit, theres not even a seat to keep the pilot from falling off. Perhaps it they'd redesigned it to be a backpack jetpack sort of unit using similar pieces, it'd at least make some sense? Based on the other MM impluses, Can we assume this goes for 3.5$USD? at that price it seems to me, that the Astro Fighter at 5$USD was already a superior impluse set. Guess I'd buy one on clearance, for the minifig."], [0, "Glad you enjoyed viewing the review. xenologer, on Jul 3 2008, 01:12 PM, said: The Hawk, it seems to me, lacks a cockpit, theres not even a seat to keep the pilot from falling off. Perhaps it they'd redesigned it to be a backpack jetpack sort of unit using similar pieces, it'd at least make some sense? These are some of the improvements which we can do it ourselves to mod it better. I think these are great suggestions. Otherwise, we can add in a white air tank to be included onto the mini-fig. xenologer, on Jul 3 2008, 01:12 PM, said: Based on the other MM impluses, Can we assume this goes for 3.5$USD? at that price it seems to me, that the Astro Fighter at 5$USD was already a superior impluse set. Guess I'd buy one on clearance, for the minifig. In S@H, Crystal Hawk is priced at USD $3.50. I bought mine at a much expensive price, when you compared it with USD. I never bought the Astro Fighter. I am supposed that it comes with a little bit more parts and an additional alien fig with it."], [1, "Thanks for another review WhiteFang! This is quite a nice set actually. It evokes some of the design elements of the MX-11, while looking different enough to justify me buying it. The head on the astronaut is one I like, so even better. I hadn't realised it was that one actually. Does 26 pieces make it one of the bigger impulses sets? I think I may have to get one, if not two... Plus it's called 'Crystal Hawk'. How can that not be considered cool?"], [1, 'Nice Review good little set probable one of the only impusle sets i will be geting untill/if they make Agents Theme impulse sets And i like the neat double-sided face Edited by Darth_Legois_619, 03 July 2008 - 10:35 AM.'], [1, 'Thanks for your comments, guys! I really appericate it. Brainbox, on Jul 3 2008, 06:11 PM, said: This is quite a nice set actually. It evokes some of the design elements of the MX-11, while looking different enough to justify me buying it. The head on the astronaut is one I like, so even better. I hadn\'t realised it was that one actually. Does 26 pieces make it one of the bigger impulses sets? I think I may have to get one, if not two... IMO, Impulse set total piece count should be 30 or less. It will be ideal and more ways to construct a much better impulse sets such as past impulse sets that we came across. I may be wrong, on the 30 piece count thing. But, this is how I view Impulse sets. Brainbox, on Jul 3 2008, 06:11 PM, said: Plus it\'s called \'Crystal Hawk\'. How can that not be considered cool? Do you know I bought this set, mainly because it have such a cool name attached with it. "Crystal Hawk", I simply fell in love with that name.'], [1, 'Thanks for the great review. Now I just have to have that set!'], [1, "Thank you for the nice review. This set has a very classic space feeling, so I don't care about the lack of cockpit. A nice little set with a nice minifig."], [1, 'I really like the look of this Impulse set! even though i sold off my MM sets to buy SW i kept my Astro fighter and this impulse set really appealed from the moment i laid eyes on it. I feel the swooshability and cool extras like the double sided face far outweigh the lack of cockpit. Thanks for another great review Whitefang!'], [1, "I like this one aswell, It has a couple of parts i need for an MOC train locomotive and I don't have any of those space guys yet. and a double faced guy is always a winner in my book"], [1, 'Once again, another outstanding review by svelte_corps! I am not a very big fan of Agents, but this theme defintely offer plenty of useful parts. This Volcano Base is simply fanastic for parts usage, especially in doing up landscaping, with mountains, by making use of the brown BURPS. I must admit that the exterior looks real cool, but the interior looks rather empty. These orange slopes certainly make a great illustration of the larva, which gives the Agents a hard time to infiltrate within its compound to save his comrade. I am quite sure, this set will defintely attracts lots of kids to coax their parents to buy it, since the bright colors will defintely caught their attention. With all those hi-tech, sleek weaponary, I am sure this is the next big thing for kids out there. Well, I am not sure if this theme works for me as well. But this set defintely works well for landscaping project.'], [1, "Thanks for another great review! I definitely like this set. Sure, the interior might be a bit bare, but I think that the outside of the base with all of the great lava and rocks more than makes up for it. It is a bit weird that on the one side there is nothing on the inside. But that's easy to fix. Anyone know when this will be out in the U.S.? Thanks again for the fantastic review!"], [1, 'droool Must buy!!!!!! To Svelte_corps: How on this wonderful planet, did you get that??? I thought it was coming in september!!!'], [0, "Darth_Legois_619, on Jul 7 2008, 11:33 PM, said: and thats not including 2 other sets that i dont want Yeah, Break jaw sets are generally worse than the other ones. Anyway, the review was great. Can we have a close-up of Fire-Arm's face?"], [0, "Silent-Sigfig, on Jul 8 2008, 01:35 PM, said: Anyway, the review was great. Can we have a close-up of Fire-Arm's face? That's the best pic I have at the moment, apologies re blurriness. Snake, it is released in Oz in Sept, this baby came from S@H Edited by svelte_corps, 08 July 2008 - 04:03 AM."], [1, 'Excellent review SC. Thanks for sharing. The figs are awesome. I really like the female villain - an excellent face. I also like the agent uniforms. The laser gun is perfect. It has that Peter Sellers/Pink Panther dooms day device look that I envision when I think of laser destruction. The volcano has some neat features as well, like the trans. red/orange lava. It is a bit heavy on stickers though, as are many new sets/themes. But overall, I think this set will really appeal to the kids. - A great review of a neat set.'], [-1, "Honestly I'm too much of a Space fan to be interested in this set. I'd rather have the sub. Good review though. :D"], [0, 'Nice Set Review I really liked the narrative for the Review. I must have missed your Custom Base back in June, also well constructed and great story too!'], [0, 'awsome review dude im proably getting this though the main downfall is there is hardly an inside'], [1, 'Thanks for the step-by-step!! Set looks great! Mmmmm, Clawdette....'], [0, 'Ah, great review! I have always wanted this set since it came out, but with the price, I think I will get the mobile command center first. This will need serious interior mods, like I did with my Dino Attack Chopper(pics soon).'], [0, "svelte_corps, on Jul 7 2008, 11:03 PM, said: That's the best pic I have at the moment, apologies re blurriness. Cool. he looks a lot meaner and more damaged-terminatorsy that his brother."], [0, 'GREAT REVIEW!!! Realy Thank you svelte_corps! Maybey you can put al the Agents villains round Dr. Disco Like a sort of dicussionroom or something...Just an idea Undersigned MoWo'], [1, 'Thanks for the review svelte_corps, I have yet to purchase an Agent set but I think that will change shortly. I am not a big fan of the stickers but the huge laser gun, the unique minifig design, and beaucoup trans-orange pieces have me sold.'], [1, 'I know the word "Secret" base but whats this! The Base is hardly secret with a massive laser gun and wide screen sticking out It looks good, Lots and lots of Orange! Woo!'], [1, "I'm still keeping my money payments until July 26th ...So I won't be able to buy this set unless I get some money prize or something However, I appreciate the review, and hopefully I will get this set sometime in the near future. I just love these new cybernetic arms"], [1, 'This will be a wonderful set for a Mustafar MOC'], [1, 'Cool set. I got that firearm thing straight away lol. I might get a few of these sets and combine into mustafar. Great review'], [1, "I didn't exactly know where this belongs the best but i think it fits the best in here cause it's somewhat space related. I got this nifty little set yesterday from an auction ebay, new and sealed! I think the rock raiders theme was a great theme, and i wish they would have continues id back then. But anyway, let's see what we got here: Set Nr.: 4910 Name: Hover Scout Number of minifigs: 1 Number of pieces: 39 Release Year: 1999 First, a picture of the little box & instructions: A general overview of the set: And here we have the lovely (?) Miss Jet! (yes, the minifigures had odfficial names in this theme ) The little vehicle: And finally the Crystal Analysis Station. i like that very much, even if it's simple, but it does a good job and the amount of equipment also is cool: That's it, little set, little review, but big fun. I can recommend that to everybody, it's great for the parts, and the minifig is lovely. Gets a 10/10 from me"], [1, "OMG Iamded's torso! [ spoiler] OH MY GOD!![ /spoiler]"], [0, 'excuse me but..what?'], [1, 'When I got this set, my first Rock Raiders set, I thought it was the best set I ever had. Maybe that was a little bit of an overstatement, but I like a lot, the pieces mainly, and this is a nice little review! Are92 RoWar, on Jul 10 2008, 08:22 PM, said: OMG Iamded\'s torso! [ spoiler] OH MY GOD!![ /spoiler] What would be more appropriate is commenting on Iamded\'s torso saying "OMG Jet\'s torso!"'], [1, "Woo! Rock Raiders! Only the best theme ever! (That's right, possibly even better than Castle `07!) Cheers for the review metalandi, hopefully you can inspire others to see the greatness of Rock Raiders too! I love how everything was so simple, yet so effective. It was loads of fun to play with and build the alternate models when I was younger as well (and probably still is ). Do you plan of doing any other reviews? Or do you have any other sets? Rapid Rider is another great small one, adding a bit of diversity with a water-based vehicle, and you get the Bandit minifig. Or you could get The Rock Raiders set, and get all of our spelunking friends (don't make me name them all ). Or, if you want a slightly bigger set, Loader Dozer could be the way to go, Axle's a pretty cool minifig too, and you get a rock monster. Sorry if the last comments were detracting from your review, don't think I didn't like it, becuase it was great! I really hope you can do more! Oh, and yes, my torso does come from a female fig... ~Peace"], [0, "Unfortunately i dont have any other sets yet, i think i got one of the bigger vehicles back in the time, but i don't have any sets from this time anymore. but i certainly plan to get the loader dozer and/or the Chrome Crusher soon. I found an ebay auction where somebody is selling the sets 4940, 4950 and 4970 new & sealed hopefully i have luck with that. It's only at 4 Euros right now, but it's still running 6 days... http://cgi.ebay.de/w...t...A:IT&ih=005"], [1, "Great review . Man, this brings me back! I still have like 5 of those rock monsters. In response to your statement, Rock Raiders does belong in this forum, being everything space related. 1) It's on an alien planet 2) In the computer game's start and in the story (yes, there was a computer game-my cousin has it) they are in a space ship 3) There are huge alien rock monsters trying to kill them."], [0, "Great review and such a nice figure! I consider Rock Raiders space too. I also consider many of the diver themes space as well... I've yet to own a Rock Raiders set. I have tried to buy a few off eBay, but they always went too high..."], [1, 'Rock Raiders was one of my favorite LEGO themes ever.'], [0, "Sinner, on Jul 20 2008, 04:56 PM, said: I consider Rock Raiders space too. I also consider many of the diver themes space as well... Me too. The Rock Raiders are very sci-fi, with the best Lego Space storyline. The Aquazonies would be inner space rather than outer space though, but they look very 'spacey'. Edited by Shoc, 20 July 2008 - 07:45 PM."], [0, '7663 Sith Infiltrator Year: 2007 Number of Pieces: 310 Number of Minifigs: 1 Price: 29.99 USD Brickset Hello everyone, and welcome to my second review on Eurobricks, the Sith Infiltrator! Lets start with a pic of the box, shall we? As you can see, its a Limited Edition set, meaning the fig and set could be worth a lot in the future. This set takes about 20 minuets for the seasoned builder. An overview of the Infiltrator (also know as the Scimitar): As seen in the picture, this ship is very sleek, with very few studs on top (SNOT= Studs Not On Top). Basically, Its the cockpit with two wings (with two "fins" on each wing), attached to the hull. Heres a side view of the Scimitar: Very cool- looking! It lands on two "feet" in the front while the cockpit rests on the ground. Rear view: The back. The outer cockpit is beautiful, a printed piece on the back (no dreaded sticker sheet! (DSS)) and a large printed disc on top: Heres a look at the middle: There is a flick-fire missile (trans-red cone attach to Technic pin) on the inner wing, a trans-red lightsaber blade in the back of the hull, and a trans-red lightsaber blade in between the fins on either side. All of those lightsaber blades may come in handy... Hey, look: the fins open from the wings!: The fins open due to double hinges on each fin. Unfortunately, you have to hold the ship up in order for the bottom fins to open. Now, lets have a look inside the cockpit: To open, you lift the back printed part, which is attached to the printed disc on top, which is attached to a hinge. It opens pretty smoothly, but is somewhat loose, so sometimes it closes on its own. Also, the disc isnt secured well enough to the door, and often breaks off, even with the smallest movement to it. Inside, there is an elevated control panel and two sliding pieces near the floor. This ship also comes with a small speeder bike: Its very cleverly built, and is a really neat addition. See that clear disc on the bottom? It fits perfectly into the sliding pieces in the cockpit: Hmm... whats this?: A hidden compartment! Now this was a very cool idea by TLG, a secret compartment found by taking off the top slope of the hull contains Darth Maul\'s weapons and tools which include: A (CHROME!) lightsaber hilt, a pair of electrobinouculars, and three probe droids. A closeup of a probe droid: Just a plain, black minifig head with a black lever on top. Finally, the fig: Darth Maul in the flesh plastic. A good fig altogether, with a black hood and lightsaber blades taken from the ship. He did come with a crisp, new black cape (packaged in a small, white cardboard box), but I am currently using it for another fig. Note that this is a limited edition fig, so stock up. A comparison pic of the two Mauls: The 2007 version is on the left, and the 1999 version on the right. Note a few key differences between the two: the new one has smaller red tattoos and a smoother torso. Also, the new one has bigger eyes and a more cartoony look. Maul on the speeder bike: Of course, he fits perfectly in the cockpit wile sitting on the bike, and he can reach the controls: Well, thats about it, here is the... FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, easy and fun, breaks every once in a while. Playability: 7/10, this set has many features, but is very fragile between the cockpit and hull and between the two cockpit pieces. Swooshability: 1/10, too fragile to fly around, plus the flick fire missiles fall out. Minifigs: 9/10, a great fig with a chrome hilt and a double sided blade. A little cartoony. Design: 7/10, very clever techniques, very sleek, but very fragile. Price: 8/10, fair enough, could be a few dollars cheaper. Overall Score: 6.5/10, a very sleek ship with clever building and play techniques, but very, very fragile, and shouldnt be picked up off of the shelf too often. And with that, my review is over, but all of yours are not: comments and thoughts very welcome!! Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 02:59 AM. indexed'], [0, 'This set looks like a dandy. Is the Darth Maul fig any different in respect to the torso or head design to the original?'], [0, "JimButcher, on Jul 10 2008, 09:44 PM, said: A hidden compartment! Now this was a very cool idea by TLG, a secret compartment found by taking off the top slope of the hull You're supposed to slide the front of the hull off, rather than lift the top piece off."], [-1, "I'll be honest - I don't like this ship at all. It's one of my least favourite ships in the PT and I have to yet buy either one of those sets. I also found it funny that this set was meant to be a Walmart exclusive yet never appeared on the shelves at my Walmart. Anyhow, thanks for the review!"], [0, "Led ZePPelin, on Jul 10 2008, 04:46 PM, said: You're supposed to slide the front of the hull off, rather than lift the top piece off. yeah, I was looking at the construction booklet and it reminded me of that (I forgot about it), but that makes it more fragile."], [0, 'Nice review Jim, I think i would only buy this for Darth Maul though you definitely showcased all the cool features really well!'], [0, "I got this set last year. And I think you made a mistake when you have remove a piece to access the probe droids and equipment, you just have to slide the entire main part. And I have a question, is this equipped with the new flick-fire missiles that don't fall off?"], [0, "Trudop561, on Jul 11 2008, 06:30 AM, said: I got this set last year. And I think you made a mistake when you have remove a piece to access the probe droids and equipment, you just have to slide the entire main part. And I have a question, is this equipped with the new flick-fire missiles that don't fall off? Yes, I realized the first part . as for the flick-fire missiles, the do fall off very easily."], [0, "Thank you for the nice review. I like the design, although I didn't want to buy it. The new little speeder is very nice, but maybe a little to small.. Darth Mauls eyes are looking a bit more dangerous now."], [-1, 'A very neatly designed Sith Infiltrator, though I think it lacks the size of the older version. A fine ship, but not what I would call a Sith Infiltrator. It should be bigger. Thanks for another fine SW review KimT'], [1, 'Hey all! So I purchased the remaining three Agents sets I needed, and saw that there was no review up yet for this set! Heres the first batch of parts, and the first instruction bits. The mini figures. The first small vehicles. Heres a mistake that I found in the instruction booklet. There is no difference between steps 2 and 3. The team Inferno boat. This is a nice chunky boat, that looks fairly heavy duty and evily. Its nice to see the smooth disks on the bottom, that LEGO seemingly havnt done in recent boat/plane sets. And the Agents Submarine! This is a nice build aswell. Nice and long, with a few hidden compartments. One for missiles. A place to put the treasure! Some final shots of the completed set! The spare bits! Another special mention has to go out to Slime Face. I think he is my favourite ever LEGO character. The detail on his unique torso is brilliant! His head is fantastic! And his costume just looks great, with the black and green (Plus green is my favourite colour!) Check out the back of his torso, with the slime pouring down! Deep Sea Quest was £34.99 Price ; 9/10 - This is a pretty reasonable price for a fairly substantial set. Parts ; 8/10 - A lot of nice bits, few nice boats bits, and a lot of smooth disk things. Minifigures ; 10/10 As I said Slime Face is my favourite LEGO character, and the details brilliant! Vehicles ; 8/10 Both very good, with some interesting features. Build ; 8/10 A pretty fun build. Overall ; 9/10 Its gotta be, if just for Slime Face alone, but this really is a great set!'], [-1, "I'm not real fond of slimeface. He looks too much like the joker-bombs. I was hoping for something newer. The slime printing is a nice touch though. Steve"], [1, 'He does look a bit different though...although it hasnt come out well on the photos, there is some green printed slimey bits on his head aswell. He honestly is amazing.'], [0, 'Great review. I love that slime Face !'], [1, 'thanks for review...(i hope svelt corps still reviews it ) slime is pretty cool, i knew about the torse for a while but its no less cool now'], [0, "Pencoin, on Jul 10 2008, 01:13 PM, said: thanks for review...(i hope svelt corps still reviews it ) slime is pretty cool, i knew about the torse for a while but its no less cool now You're so mean . Isn't one review good enough ? Do you just have to be picky . Nice review, by the way ."], [0, "Nice review ReZourceman, I wanted to see one of this set. It seem's there isn't much to it other than what it looks like in the official pictures, but I may well get it. I like Slime Face!"], [-1, "Great review, ReZourceman! Your pics really show off the sub well and it's good to see the build in progress. I also have this set but I didn't apply stickers to the sub as I was planning to reuse the nice dark blue pieces. However as shown in your review they do brighten it up a fair bit. I can't say this is my favourite Agents set; the boat is a little oddly proportioned and the sub, although retro looking, has practically no interior and would be difficult to customise to put more in (unlike, say, the clever job Batbrick did with the Penguin sub in his review). The sub kind of looks like some Jules Verneish sea creature - I would have liked it if they'd gone all the way and made it some kind of giant robot jellyfish or squid I do agree with you about Slime Face - he has a fantastic torso with all the slime dripping down which is a bit obscured by the air tank. It's really encouraging that in the last 2 Missions we've had great extra villains added in. The only thing I would add about the octopus is that the glow in the dark plastic is mixed in unevenly with the aqua blue, so it doesn't glow in the dark evenly - it's kind of like the Mars Mission jellies in that respect though much cooler! Thanks again for the great review!"], [0, "svelte_corps, on Jul 11 2008, 09:14 AM, said: I would have liked it if they'd gone all the way and made it some kind of giant robot jellyfish or squid *Cough*AlphaTeam*cough* anyway I was about to reply earlier and say : Great Review svelte then i realised it was not you Nice reveiw anyway! The only reason i would get this set would be if I got all the other Agents sets + all The SW CW sets + all the pieces i need on BL + all the new city ect.. sets....then i would think about geting it"], [1, 'Darth_Legois, on Jul 11 2008, 10:28 AM, said: [color="#0000ff"] *Cough*AlphaTeam*cough* I\'d forgotten about Ogel\'s mutant vehicles I guess I meant a bigger cross between the 8636 sub and the big squid from 7775 Aquabase Invasion - that is such a great design. Sort of keep the retro feel but make it bigger. With the 8636 sub, there\'s really only room for one Agent to sit and despite its size, there\'s just a few (not amazingly great) functions such as the hidden chest and missiles.'], [0, "I can't see the pics over the glare from my awesomeness!! Thanks for the review ReZ!! I'm jealous you got to snag this right away..."], [0, "Thanks for the review! It's great to see detailed pictures of Slime Face. The set looks good but not as good as some of the others in this line. Great review!"], [0, "I feel like a N00b asking, but what is the USD price? I didn't see a price in the review."], [0, 'It was £34.99 so USD its likely to be $45-$55 I would imagine.'], [1, 'Nice review, thanks! TLC is really going all-out with the Agents theme. I wonder if it will last longer than one year (unlike other recent one-and-done themes). My only real criticism of the theme is those freaking stickers. My god, look at the size of that DSS in this set!'], [0, 'Great Review!! Really Thanks I Slime Face, Even Slimey as my Slime Sense Nice That Break Jaw is also in it! Undersigned MoWo'], [1, "Great review. This set totally OWNS Alpha Team Deep Sea. The sub design actually LOOKS like a sub, the figures are way better, the acessories are better - everything is better! Agents may have my vote for the best theme of the year. Quote I wonder if it will last longer than one year (unlike other recent one-and-done themes). Oh don't worry - a second wave will be coming next year. This was confirmed by both legomilk and in an interview with an Agents designer."], [1, 'Aside from the price, I love this set! When I saw the prelim pics of Agetns I did not like the theme, but all the sets are starting to look more attractive now I can see the cool features and details! As for this set, I really like the bad-guy boat for some reason and the submarine looks good - I love the dark blue colour.'], [1, "I forgot to comment on this review! Great job ReZourceman, like svelte-corps said your pics really show off the set and what there is to it. I just ordered this and the volcano base off S@h and I can't wait for them to come, so I'll comment on these reviews I forgot about I love the Inferno boat, as you say in your review it looks very heavy duty and ready to take on the Agents. The sub I quite like from the look of it, though there is the problem of too little space I will try and correct that. The dark blue is especially good. And I love Slime Face, his torso is very cool. svelte_corps, on Jul 11 2008, 09:14 AM, said: I can't say this is my favourite Agents set; the boat is a little oddly proportioned and the sub, although retro looking, has practically no interior and would be difficult to customise to put more in (unlike, say, the clever job Batbrick did with the Penguin sub in his review). Wow, thanks for that little mention Is it impossible or just very hard to mod? svelte_corps, on Jul 11 2008, 09:14 AM, said: I do agree with you about Slime Face - he has a fantastic torso with all the slime dripping down which is a bit obscured by the air tank. It's really encouraging that in the last 2 Missions we've had great extra villains added in. The only thing I would add about the octopus is that the glow in the dark plastic is mixed in unevenly with the aqua blue, so it doesn't glow in the dark evenly - it's kind of like the Mars Mission jellies in that respect though much cooler! The octopus sounds great, thanks for that, is he meant to be on any side? I'm guessing he's a mutant Inferno creature. About Slime Face, is his head much different to the Joker bombs? I know he has slime marks on his head, are they very apparent? Thanks again for the review! Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Batbrick, on Jul 19 2008, 09:53 AM, said: Is it impossible or just very hard to mod? Nothing is impossible to mod! Probably the easiest part to change would be the front where the missiles are and the treasure chest slides out - you could make a sizeable compartment there. However the middle section is so narrow and the end fins are just that - fins - that it might be harder to expand without changing the shape of the sub. You'll find out soon when yours arrives! Batbrick, on Jul 19 2008, 09:53 AM, said: The octopus sounds great, thanks for that, is he meant to be on any side? I'm guessing he's a mutant Inferno creature. About Slime Face, is his head much different to the Joker bombs? I know he has slime marks on his head, are they very apparent? It's not really clear but since all the other mutants are evil (or at least controlled by Dr Inferno), it's probably a safe bet the squid is too. Slime Face's head is different to the Joker bombs - different eyes and teeth (although the smile is similar I guess) and the slime marks are much more apparent in the flesh (or ABS) although they don't photograph that way. Joker bomb face below for contrast:"], [0, "svelte_corps, on Jul 19 2008, 10:20 AM, said: Nothing is impossible to mod! Probably the easiest part to change would be the front where the missiles are and the treasure chest slides out - you could make a sizeable compartment there. However the middle section is so narrow and the end fins are just that - fins - that it might be harder to expand without changing the shape of the sub. You'll find out soon when yours arrives! Thanks for that info, I will definitely try anyway when I get the set, see if I can't loosen up a few dark blue bricks at the same time! svelte_corps, on Jul 19 2008, 10:20 AM, said: It's not really clear but since all the other mutants are evil (or at least controlled by Dr Inferno), it's probably a safe bet the squid is too. Slime Face's head is different to the Joker bombs - different eyes and teeth (although the smile is similar I guess) and the slime marks are much more apparent in the flesh (or ABS) although they don't photograph that way. Joker bomb face below for contrast: Ah, thanks for that info, I see that they are more different than I thought now. I hope the slime looks good when I get him! Batbrick Away!"], [1, "Wow, thanks for the review, that is one awesome set, Slime Face is excellent! I must add him to the collection, I think we need some new agents, there's so many Inferno minifigures now... Maybe next year? thanks again!"], [1, "Inertia, on Jul 21 2008, 12:29 PM, said: Wow, thanks for the review, that is one awesome set, I think we need some new agents, there's so many Inferno minifigures now... Maybe next year? There's only 2 Infernos out of 8 sets which is pretty good. There's way more Agent Chases and Break Jaws. I agree though, next year hopefully we'll have some new figs."], [1, 'Great looking set. And that glowy blue octopus is really cute, I might just get it for that. Be great in a Space moc.. Wondering, from the pdf instructions I saw, it wasnt clear what the Agent in the sub is sitting on, hows his seat work? and it looks like theres a compartment below him...'], [0, "Great review I just thought I'd comment saying thanks because if I had'nt found this review I'd of never made an account on eurobricks!"], [1, '6927 All Terrain Vehicle Year Released: 1981 Piece Count: 167 Minifigs: 2 List Price: $14.50 A very unique vehicle in the Classic Space collection was this "All-Terrain Vehicle" which I always considered more along the line of a Mobile Lab. The set introduced/infused white and black bricks with classic blue space pieces. The result was this great classic vehicle. The set includes two figs (still red and white): Here\'s a view of the vehicle which is really two components, the vehicle itself and the lab section: I absolutely loved the the blue windshield slopes (2 included), and the unique upside-down large blue slope: In the back of the vehicle is the blue lab: The back section of the vehicle has hinges that allow the jets sections to open: The brick design fits perfectly into the lab, and when opened, the lab falls to the ground: NOTE: the little round trans. red 1x1s allow the lab to slide up and forward when the jet sections are closed. I tried taking off the red 1x1s and the lab does not lift as easily with them. The design is very clever, esp. for a classic set. Here\'s a shot of the stand-alone lab: Unlike earlier Classic Space windows, this set has train window frames with yellow windows. The top of the lab lifts up for playability: Inside the lab are several computers and a swivel chair: Back to the vehicle, here\'s a shot of the cockpit with white steering wheel: The left side has an upside-down wrench and black antenna: The right side, a walkie-talkie and another antenna. The antennas can be used as breaks to keep the middle wheels from moving: Here\'s ashot of the under carriage: And a final shot of the complete set: For those of you following my Classic Space reviews, this is review number 9 of 10. My final review of an-all time favorite will be coming soon. Hope you enjoyed this review. Comments are always welcome.'], [0, "TheBrickster, on Jul 10 2008, 10:48 PM, said: For those of you following my Classic Space reviews, this is review number 9 of 10. My final review of an-all time favorite will be coming soon. No more of your great reviews? Why? A good review right here, got into the thick of the set without becoming boring with an absence of pictures or not having enough text. This looks like a good set and I'd better catch up with the rest of your reviews, ASAP!"], [1, 'Thanks for the review. This is one of my favorite space sets of all time. I even had 2 of them back in the days. My only complain about this set was that I found that the wheels where too small , I had some trouble passing the rover over the little "craters-mountains" of the space plates'], [1, 'This is a great little set. I like how it combines two very different color schemes for different parts of the model. I have made some slight modifications to mine, adding a roof on the vehicle and a back wall on the outpost. Also, those white 1x1 headlight plates at the front are thinner than the modern kind and seem to be quite weak. I got this set off ebay a while ago and one of them was broken in shipping, even though the set was otherwise in display model condition, and the other one broke off while I was building the set. I replaced them with the newer variety. mutex, on Jul 10 2008, 11:37 PM, said: My only complain about this set was that I found that the wheels where too small , I had some trouble passing the rover over the little "craters-mountains" of the space plates The only bad thing about this set is the name. It can\'t even roll over a single plate\'s height. Not very "All Terrain" at all. Edited by CP5670, 11 July 2008 - 07:43 AM.'], [1, "Thanks for another informative review of the best Lego theme ever, and not in attempt to hijack your thread but to add to it, here's a pic of my blacktron 1 version of this beautiful set. the 6927 has to rate as one of the best 5 classic space sets ever along with 918, 6970 and 928."], [1, "Give me an excuse to sneak into your house, and let me have a feel of these Classic Space sets. I never had a chance to have any experience with the Classic Space sets. Through your recent reviews on these, it gave me a wider perspective of space. I loved to play space as a child such as the late classic and Futuron sets. Back to the review, this 6927 is a great mobile command center vehicle suitable for all kinds of harsh terrain in the unknown space. The 6 big wheels are real solid and firm back in those days. Transparent blue windscreen at the front, is wonderful. I just love these parts, especially when it's in blue. 4 computer printed tiles. Aren't LEGO so generous back in those days, when printed parts are more commonly available unlike now. It's a real nice set. However, there is one thing I don't understand about this design. Why is the driver seat has a wide back with no cover behind? And, the command center has no door at the back? I understand that these Space guys are always carrying their helmet around, for oxygen supply. I wonder if there is a better answer to it."], [1, 'Dovchenko, on Jul 10 2008, 08:24 PM, said: No more of your great reviews? Why? A good review right here, got into the thick of the set without becoming boring with an absence of pictures or not having enough text. I\'ve exhausted my collection of classic space sets. I\'d love to keep them going, but just one more set. You can check out this INDEX for a complete listing and links to each of the reviews. Thanks for the feedbback. mutex, on Jul 10 2008, 09:37 PM, said: This is one of my favorite space sets of all time. I even had 2 of them back in the days. My only complain about this set was that I found that the wheels where too small , I had some trouble passing the rover over the little "craters-mountains" of the space plates It is a gem in the Classic Space collection. The playability is great! I agree with you as I never thought this was much of an all-terrain vehicle with the wheel construction. The bottom of the vehicle would always touch the bottom of non-smooth surfaces. The wheels do need to be bigger (but I still like them). CP5670, on Jul 10 2008, 10:43 PM, said: I got this set off ebay a while ago and one of them was broken in shipping, even though the set was otherwise in display model condition, and the other one broke off while I was building the set. I replaced them with the newer variety. Great buy on this one. What did it cost you? hewman, on Jul 10 2008, 11:11 PM, said: not in attempt to hijack your thread but to add to it, here\'s a pic of my blacktron 1 version of this beautiful set. That\'s excellent. I love the alternate color scheme. Great job here! WhiteFang, on Jul 11 2008, 12:11 AM, said: However, there is one thing I don\'t understand about this design. Why is the driver seat has a wide back with no cover behind? And, the command center has no door at the back? I understand that these Space guys are always carrying their helmet around, for oxygen supply. I wonder if there is a better answer to it. Yes. The extra space was probably for the oxygen tanks on the figs. It makes taking them off a lot easier. As for the lab/control center, I never had an issue with it being open. I think this was just for playability. One could always "pretend" that some sort of invisible force ray closed the side when activated. Great comments! I love hearing what others think of these classics.'], [1, 'Oh man, this review takes me back! I got this set when I was 8 years old, and LOVED it. I remember modding it to remove the lab in the back, and I put in a giant laser cannon instead. \'Cause when you\'re 8 years old, everything needs a giant laser cannon. CP5670, on Jul 11 2008, 12:43 AM, said: The only bad thing about this set is the name. It can\'t even roll over a single plate\'s height. Not very "All Terrain" at all. HA! Very true. The vehicle is built so low to the ground that the front end catches on everything.'], [0, "Quote Great buy on this one. What did it cost you? It was $30, which was a pretty good price given the condition. It had no box or instructions though. This set is actually fairly common on ebay though, considering how old it is. I see them pretty frequently on there. Quote It's a real nice set. However, there is one thing I don't understand about this design. Why is the driver seat has a wide back with no cover behind? And, the command center has no door at the back? I understand that these Space guys are always carrying their helmet around, for oxygen supply. I wonder if there is a better answer to it. I just modified mine to make everything fully enclosed: Edited by CP5670, 11 July 2008 - 06:39 PM."], [0, 'TheBrickster, on Jul 11 2008, 10:16 PM, said: Yes. The extra space was probably for the oxygen tanks on the figs. It makes taking them off a lot easier. As for the lab/control center, I never had an issue with it being open. I think this was just for playability. One could always "pretend" that some sort of invisible force ray closed the side when activated. Invisible force field/ray? That is a very neat idea. I don\'t have much problem with it either. Was just curious about the design, as I am not very familar with Classic Space. I supposed the oxygen tanks is quite big to carry around, especially when the vehicle is so cramped. These allowance of space, makes them much mobile to move about in the vehicle. CP5670, on Jul 12 2008, 02:39 AM, said: I just modified mine to make everything fully enclosed: Great job! Thanks for sharing and answering the question I posted above. I love the way you modify the front and back. Now, I need to find where is the entrance to the Mobile Command Center.'], [1, "i've always associated this set with 6929, the Voyager. they're of the same timeframe and more or less the same style. 6927 is without any doubt my favourite ground vehicle of space. it was pretty simple, but it was such a creative set. the stories you could tell with this model... g... most defenitely in my top 5 of space sets..."], [1, "This set never got me as a kid. I suspect it was because of the wheels; I had mostly Basic sets so it would have been more of the same. Looking at it now I can see I have misjudged it, and I love the lab-lift method. I'm going to have to build this to see it in action! Thanks for another great review."], [0, 'Great review! All-Terrain Vehicle was one of my two favorite LEGO sets ever. I have to include a shot of the back of the box, because I love the ideas LEGO provided for this set: hewman, on Jul 11 2008, 01:11 AM, said: Very nice Blacktron-themed 6927! CP5670, on Jul 11 2008, 01:39 PM, said: I just modified mine to make everything fully enclosed: I love your modified 6927 with the enclosed front. 2 weeks ago I modified my All-Terrain Vehicle as well, in a similar way, but just *slightly* more modified from the original. I call it: 6927-C \'All-Terrain Vehicle Improved Class\' a few clues for anyone to easily build this themselves: Also, a much more extensive modification/MOC that I call 6927-W "All-Terrain Warrior" Quote 6927-W \'All-Terrain Warrior\' I wanted to make a combat variant of 6927, so I used the 6927-C Improved Class as the starting point and went from there. I added a completely new forward-cab, close to the ground, for a ground--observer to monitor the terrain. I added even larger wheels, allowing this variant to truly be "all terrain", ...besides, what good is it having a combat vehicle if it gets stuck in the middle of a firefight? The 6927-W has a five man crew: a driver, a gunner who also serves as overall-commander, a terrain observer in the very front. In the lab are the weapons systems officer and computer/tech specialist. The All-Terrain Warrior vehicle portion is armed with lasers and blaster cannons, with options for other weapons. There are short-range nuclear rockets on the lab, guided by the rader control. The lab now has blast-proof shutters on the windows protecting the crew from rocket blast. Additional protection can be added to the lab, if-need-be, such as more extensive blast-shielding. All-in-all, the All-Terrain Warrior is a beast of a machine. Two 6927s can protect an entire convoy of standard 6927 or 6927-C. These are my very first attempts at modification and doing a MOC of Classic Space LEGO! Edited by ParallaxScroll, 29 August 2009 - 03:03 AM.'], [1, "Awesome review Brickster! I didn't you are also a Space fan Oh how I love Classic Space The all time perfect LEGO space related theme Everytime I see one I want to buy them more and more, when compared to modern fang dangled sets with detailed figs and cool new accessories, they have nothing on Classic Space, simple beauty Maybe its the blue/grey/trans yellow color scheme Classic Space Forever Edited by Piranha, 30 August 2009 - 07:51 AM."], [0, 'Wow! That brings back memories. I have that model too (in storage somewhere). The pictures are great. I will definitely be checking out more of your reviews.'], [1, 'Yeah, first time that I am getting a set before everyone.^^ First of all: The package The european version has no "Limited Edition" button. Hooray!!! Sorry for the blurry back-shot. We see the hospital back, a few bubbles with set functions and a little comic. Comic: Bubbles: The figures are injured Spongebob, Patrick and the new Fish Doctor. Spongebob has a headprint... ...and a backprint (other than the normal Spongebob). Spongebob and injured Bob: The set comes with two litters. The ambulance car is a bit extraordinary. I don´t know how the car is like in the show (and I saw a lot of episodes) but it looks a bit strange, mostly because the weehls are too small. Of course we get another SS (not so D this time). The litter fits in the back, with help of this lid. I wish it would be the hinge-lid from before 2004... Now we come to the meanpart of the set: The hospital! The entrance has got babyblue traindoors and a hudge sign that shows "Emergency". The tubes are nearly everywhere in this set. I was getting insane when I came to the part, where I must put the stickers on the tubes. This parts are very usefull, but I wanted that the set looks good, because I will display it. So I stickered just two of the parts and not all four. Now we come to the interroir: The doctor has a desk with computer. Sadly it´s not very well placed and he must duck because of his fin. Next to the door, we get this little case, wash basin and two drawers. Again we get stickers... Not that I don´t like stickers. It´s just: Everytime I get to the part where I must put the stickers on, I think how I can re-use the model and if I rebuild the model, later and and and... I hate it to deside! A few posters are in it, too. The set is a great addittion to your own Bikino Bottom, but the playability is not very big for the kids. They can just play that Patrick steals the ambulance car, like shown on the package, and is hitting Spongebob. Than the drive back, the doctor gives Spongebob two medicines and let him go. I bought the set mostly because of the parts (tubes in lightbley and a few woodpieces). But I am thinking about let it stand in my little Bikini Bottom (just consist of Crusty Crab and Chum Bucket). Playability: 3/10 Figures: 10/10 Price: 8/10 Design: 9/10 TOTAL: 30/40'], [1, "Thanks for the review, looks like a great set. I'm surprised that spongebob's bandage has a full body headprint so kudos to lego for that"], [0, 'oh so spongebob was the injured one. I thought this set depicted the episode wherein Mr. Krabs was the one rushed to the hospital.'], [1, 'I love the Sponge Bob sets, I have all of them! Nice review.'], [1, "Thanks for the review! The interior looks nice, better than I expected, Lots of great parts but, as you say, so many of them are stickered. After Rocket Ride, the stickers in the SB sets seem to have gone crazy - the early sets weren't slathered in them. 2 new figs though is most welcome."], [0, 'Great review. As much as I hate spongebob LEGO, I just might get this set. It has a good number of useful parts, like the computer and keyboard, and all of the brown pieces. How much does this set cost in USD?'], [0, 'Great review! I want that set, mainly for patric and the spongebob with the bandage. BUT: Why does bob have full length pants? I thought he wore briefs?'], [1, 'lots of yummy pics in the review thanks! hmm a double sidied minifig, with a painted top! thats the first time i have ever seen this done!?!? this is a great set and has recieved as evideneced by a lot of "is it new" questions, is sponge bob sets available in Auzzi land? i have not seen them in shops... Regards Cpt. PB'], [1, "How much euro did you pay for it? It looks a great set, great interior, nice figures and funny posters. :) It's also nice: the newest Spongebob sets are now also available in our stores and they are the coolest (Belgium)!"], [0, 'Cpt. Pegleg Blockbeard, on Jul 12 2008, 04:23 PM, said: is sponge bob sets available in Auzzi land? i have not seen them in shops... Regards Cpt. PB Generally not, although as a special sale promotion Target has 3830 Bikini Bottom Express and 3831 Rocket Ride available now (although the sale starts 24 July for 20% off) and K-Mart briefly had the Krusty Krab set last year.'], [0, 'I ordered the set via S@H and it cost 34.99€ in Germany, 37.99€ in Belgium and 50$ in Australia. It looks like it´s a exclusive set, but without the 2limited edition" sticker on the package. In the USA it´s not aviable, now. I think it costs as much as the rocket ride (30$). @ Mrs Pegleg: He has the same, short pants, like in the other sets.'], [1, 'Nice review, the set looks promising.'], [1, 'Wow, that set looks better than I thought! I just might get it if its under $30 USD. I love all the details inside, and it seems to have a better interior than the City hospital... and the new figs look nice...'], [1, 'Thanks for the pics, this set is necessary for each Spongebob-fan, it looks so great'], [-1, 'The fish doctor is supposed to have a new torso.'], [1, 'Ronan Nissen, on Jul 15 2008, 07:09 AM, said: The fish doctor is supposed to have a new torso. Says who? I think the one he has is fine...'], [0, 'I never have buy a Sponge Bob set but this looks so cool so maybe... (Just maybe) I will buy it . I am curious of why TLC haven´t done the Flying Dutchman ship, it was in the first rumor list of Sponge Bob sets, that surely will be a must .'], [1, 'Awesome, light blue train doors. Yummy! It is quite strange that spongbob has become the best source for train parts: the baby blue doors, the orange round windows ,...'], [1, 'The official name for this Lego set is "The Emergency Room". I have all the other SpongeBob sets, including three Krusty Krabs, two Bikini Bottoms, as well as one of everything else , now all I need to do is wait until next month to buy this set if I find it at my local Toys "R" Us. That SpongeBob minifig looks cute.'], [1, "I'm not a huge fan of spongebob, but this set I might want also have. Maybe I can combine it with the city hospital."], [0, "This set doesn't have much playability, but the hospital is better than the one released by lego recently. it has more detail. i like it."], [1, 'Thanks Navy Trooper Fenson for the review - good one ! I really like that SB is printed! I will need to get this one when I go to the US in two weeks. CopMike'], [1, 'Nice review, NFT! I´m not that much into SpongeBob, but these two pieces just for themselves are interesting to get: container cupboard 4532 and cupboard drawer 4536 the latter not being sold for the last 6 years! Both together are an excellent way to create detailed interiors. 6 of those for me, please!'], [1, "There's a lot great pieces in this set, I would be willing to get the set just for them. Thanks for the great review!"], [0, "My fish doctor has the torso from 7902 Doctor's Car, which is unfortunate, because the other torso is more stylized and cartoonish, I think. However, I did have that mad scientist lab set, so a bit of digging through my old collection will hopefully yield the better torso."], [-1, "I recently bought this set for my daughters birthday. It's the first BELVILLE set that I've bought for her so it's a bit of an experiment. The house is 5 rooms and it's made up of mostly large pieces. There still is a decent amount of normal LEGO in it though. The doorways in the house align when it is opened out. Starting with the bathroom, included is a shower, toilet, sink with vanity and a baby potty. The mirror sticker is one of the few that I put on. The open plan lounge/kitchen/dining room is well appointed as well and it has a nice glass table and coffee machine. The kitchen chairs are Fabuland parts... and don't work really well. It seems they are having jellyfish for dinner! The clock is the only printed part in the set. Upstairs is a baby room and the master bedroom. The radio and the TV (not shown) were stickers to my disappointment. Up top is an extra room suitable for reading. (Those antenna things were made from spare parts by my daughter. I have no idea what they are supposed to be... ) There are some stickers that go on the back, but I didn't put them on. As it is the set looks OK this way, but since it is a dolls house it doesn't really matter. I do think though that the fireplace should have been given a back. The BBQ is made from normal parts and is quite effective. I think it uses the same light brick that's in the 4998 Stegosaurus set. My kids were using it as a torch before my grumbling ruined their fun... Like all BELVILLE sets, the highlight is arguably the accessories. I'll be borrowing a few of these from time to time... Here is the controversial baby catapult. As you can see, it works OK, but LEGO probably should have tried a bit harder. We also bought for her 7583 Playful Puppy. It also comes with some nice accessories, but not enough to justify buying unless you want the rest of the parts. Poor puppy; where does he sleep? Here is my daughter assembling it. She made me make the house though as she wanted to play a game we bought her. (Note the LEGO drink bottles! ) I didn't take any photos of the figures as they don't seem to be anything new, but I can if people want me to. At the time I was in bit of a hurry as I took these before bed so I wouldn't be stressed if the kids broke it the next day. Overall, these sets seem overpriced to me, and hard to justify unless you actually want a buildable doll's house. (Which we did.) It's still too early to tell if my daughter likes it or not... but at this stage it seems she lost interest in a few days. She does tend to go back to toys though. Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 07:03 PM. Indexed"], [0, 'mommy and daddy are naughty!'], [0, "Yay! It's good to see your kids get to build some stuff too, Sinner . All through the review I was thinking 'This was a present - but who actually put it together?' so I'm glad the last pic cleared things up As for the set - it looks much bigger than I expected - I think it does make a good sized dollhouse. There are a stack of nice pieces in there - cupboards, oven, trans-blue 2x5 bricks, all the accessories, plants, flowers, food, the light-up brick, the pink roof slopes - but not enough to justify the $AUD129 retail price. Maybe on sale I'd pick it up and resell the Belville figs but David Jones hasn't even had a regular 20% off Lego sale for the whole of this year that I've seen. I think the Playful Puppy set is a horrendous ripoff for $AUD20 though. I agree with the baby catapult - the range is terrible. Lego just isn't trying any more, is it? At least they've moved on from throwing cats off three storey buildings. 2 questions though. 1) Was it a fun build? 2) Are those large figs anatomically correct under their frou-frou finery? If not, what the hell are they doing in the second pic whilst baby Sylvia explores the oven?"], [1, "Excellent review! It's nice to see how... it's nice to see how ... ... it's nice ... Okay, I can't get over the sex in the bedroom and the unattended baby crawling into the oven. I didn't read anything else except, where does the puppy sleep and my daughter made me build this. You are sick and twisted and that's why I love you! It seems you are coining the Belville edge. Now will you please stop sitting around eating clams and get that baby out of the oven or make the fun in the bedroom a three-way? Please! Thank you PS. OK, I read it. I want the baby toilet and I think the jellyfish is supposed to be a jello-mold. I bet you knew that. The fireplace lattice look like the Harry Potter one and not the Fabuland one. Boo!! Wienies. When your daughter outgrows it, will you turn it into a Belleville Star Wars MOC please? Thank you in advance"], [1, 'Baby catapult you say? Puts a basenet to shame! Top review by the way, lego drink bottles for the win! Edited by Mrs Pegleg Blockbeard, 12 July 2008 - 06:37 AM.'], [1, 'Great review, and i note something like a bucket in the dog set... shame its not blue... As for the fire place piece i love it and i want one, ever since finding it on MLcad!!! I love the BBQ, it looks so good!, you know i might even buy this, it it was not so pink! Now as for the kiddies, in ovens, make sure they are not over cooked they can be stringy , and as for the couple up stairs, now we at least know what you do with your mini figs when no one is looking/ lego sets in public places , just following your name sake i guess And i must say Lego, shame, shame, that catapult needs reviwing, hardly even make a dent in a castle wall! Regards Cpt. PB'], [0, "I was sort of hoping for a flick-fire baby. Still, this looks decent, for what it is, I guess. Obviously, it really is all about the accessories, and it's got 'em, but not enough to make me spend that kind of cash, and I don't even mind having a pile of pink parts around. If you throw in a complete turkey or some birthday cakes, it's a slam dunk, but as it is... eh. Thanks for the review, though, it's very nicely presented and leaves no doubt in my mind as to just how easy this set would be to misuse for other purposes."], [1, 'Nice review, good to see your almost letting your kids play with your lego I like the functionality of the baby catapult, its good that they include some working features in a build this big! Are you not showing the figures because its really Hugh Hefners Playboy/Belville Mansion? I dont see the grotto though, must be an add on set like the poor puppy! Its just so darn PINK'], [0, 'The LEGO lives on!! But you are one evil parent, getting your kids addicted to Belville like that! But uh... whats that doll doing on the bed? Whats underneath it...? And look what you found... a bucket!'], [0, "Great review Sinner, I haven't seen a Bellville set review before! I just realised what you meant by 'fore' in the topic subtitle, too. ImperialShadows, on Jul 12 2008, 09:31 AM, said: Obviously, it really is all about the accessories, and it's got 'em, but not enough to make me spend that kind of cash, and I don't even mind having a pile of pink parts around. I agree, a lot of the pieces are good but I don't think I would get it. However, I do think I will get the set with the dogs, so my minifigs can have giant mutant hounds! JimButcher, on Jul 12 2008, 06:45 PM, said: And look what you found... a bucket! A bucket, in disguise as a watering can..."], [1, "A nice review with a nice touch of Sinner which made me laugh. The playfull puppy set has saussages I think I would buy a playfull puppy, It has nice pieces and the puppy can also be used for minifigs as a big dog. Why haven't they not made a saussagesseller for City. Maybe in the future. There are already more chickenlegs in minifigs sets."], [0, 'Shoc, on Jul 12 2008, 12:20 PM, said: A bucket, in disguise as a watering can... Bucket, pale... same thing. Its can be called a watering pale...'], [0, "JimButcher, on Jul 13 2008, 12:38 AM, said: Bucket, pale... same thing. Its can be called a watering pale... This reminds me of that popular TV game show in the States: Identify the Bucket vs. the Watering Pale. No one's won the million yet..."], [0, "Hinckley, on Jul 13 2008, 01:55 AM, said: This reminds me of that popular TV game show in the States: Identify the Bucket vs. the Watering Pale. No one's won the million yet... I was on that, came close to winning too, but the one I picked was too well tanned. Wah-wah-waaaaaah."], [1, 'Sinner!!! You know, I had never seen a BELVILLE set in any review with such great pictures before! I just can\'t take my eyes off, in the Master Bedroom. The scene is quite, a little hot. Enough of me, peeping up there. Let\'s take a look at the interior. I am very surprised by its construction of the house. It\'s quite big and is nice of you to buy a great sweet gift for your daughter. I am very sure, she will enjoyed playing with it. Somehow, it reminded me of Barbie Doll products. Maybe, its too pinkish for me. The accessories is the "plus factor" in any BELVILLE sets. It offered quite a handful of great accessories to add into any types of MOCs construction to add in the plus factor in it. Sinner, you are a very nice Dad! I like how parents, buy educational toys for their children to expand their imaginations instead of sitting in a couch playing video games and etc.'], [1, "Aw, Sinners' playing with toys again! Great review! The set is good for parts it appears. And that bedroom scene is...interesting."], [1, "Thanks for your report and the pics, my sister wants this set, but she's already got the last house And she doesn't play very often with it, but the new one looks very good, too"], [0, "svelte_corps, on Jul 12 2008, 03:19 PM, said: 2 questions though. 1) Was it a fun build? 2) Are those large figs anatomically correct under their frou-frou finery? If not, what the hell are they doing in the second pic whilst baby Sylvia explores the oven? It was sort of fun, but it really is just a lot of big pieces. The kitchen stove is smart though. As for the figs, yes I forgot to add pictures of the happy couple! Here they are. Hinckley, on Jul 12 2008, 03:27 PM, said: When your daughter outgrows it, will you turn it into a Belleville Star Wars MOC please? Thank you in advance It could be a while; ask me again in three years. Wout, on Jul 13 2008, 03:58 AM, said: Why haven't they not made a saussagesseller for City. Maybe in the future. There are already more chickenlegs in minifigs sets. I agree. There's a good chance of me borrowing certain parts in the future. WhiteFang, on Jul 13 2008, 07:07 PM, said: Sinner, you are a very nice Dad! I like how parents, buy educational toys for their children to expand their imaginations instead of sitting in a couch playing video games and etc. Thanks, but I must confess she does play with our PS3 too... ~VBBN~, on Jul 15 2008, 11:30 AM, said: Aw, Sinners' playing with toys again! When did I stop? ElisHelrot, on Jul 15 2008, 05:54 PM, said: Thanks for your report and the pics, my sister wants this set, but she's already got the last house And she doesn't play very often with it, but the new one looks very good, too I'm still undecided on if it was a smart buy. She played with it a lot this week, but last week she ignored it... and I had to fix it twice!"], [0, "I'm confused... the finale of Big Brother Australia was last week. So why only now are we seeing pictures of housemates Brigette and Ben performing a striptease? And where is Rory in his signature g-string? Very odd."], [1, 'Sinner, on Jul 25 2008, 09:47 PM, said: I\'m still undecided on if it was a smart buy. She played with it a lot this week, but last week she ignored it... and I had to fix it twice! My daughter is 12, and she still plays with all her Belville stuff (mostly the fairy princess castle sets). If your daughter is anything like mine, you will definitely get your money\'s worth out of it. However ... as soon as my daughter says she\'s done with it, I plan on raiding the sets for all those great food and accessory bits. Patience .... Great review, by the way. The Belville sets are indeed overpriced, but they\'re probably Lego\'s best attempt at wooing the girl audience (I still hate the fact that TLC thinks they need separate "boy" themes and "girl" themes, but whatever). They\'re a very nice alternative to Barbie -- you get posable figures with realistic body proportions, plus some creativity and building aspects thrown in.'], [1, "I bought this today, mainly because it was 25% off, but I'd been eyeing it for a long time. The accessories truly are brilliant! There's so much here to be pillaged for other uses, as people have said. I picked up heaps of new parts I've never had, or rare ones in even rarer colours. To be honest, I was surprised and impressed by the range and versatility of the regular bricks as well. When you look at the box art, what jumps out at you are the giant pink walls and curved pieces, but there's a nice amount of white arches and lime green bricks, not to mention all the windows and the trans blue 1x2x5 bricks. And plants! It's a good thing the target audience likes stickers though, there's more here than I've seen on any set except the 7709 Sentai Fortress! I think they were aiming for one sticker per page of instructions I hope Belville returns in 2010 Thanks for the review, Sieggy! Did your daughter ever go back to it?"], [0, "svelte_corps, on May 23 2009, 04:54 PM, said: Did your daughter ever go back to it? On and off. She's been building (very odd) spaceships with the big pink pieces."], [0, "Siegfried, on May 23 2009, 07:02 PM, said: On and off. She's been building (very odd) spaceships with the big pink pieces. It will go nicely with your alien dump truck!"], [0, 'I recognize the clock! It came with my old airport set 6392 back in 85! In fact according to Peeron it mostly came out in train stations Link Belville looks horrible to me Too barbie-ish and does not look Lego at all. Would prefer they went with Paradisa instead.'], [0, "paanjang16, on Jun 17 2009, 11:25 PM, said: Belville looks horrible to me Too barbie-ish and does not look Lego at all. I think that is the idea! So that means you wouldn't think much of Scala then?"], [1, '7655: Clone Battle Pack Year: 2007 Number of pieces: 58 Number of minifigs: 4 Price: 9.99 USD Brickset Welcome to my third review on Eurobricks, I hope you enjoy! While at any store that sells LEGO (Target, Wal-Mart, TRU, etc.), you will notice that the clone battle packs on the shelf are way fewer in number than the droids battle pack. As you might guess, the clones are way more popular, and finding them gets harder and harder as the release date of this set goes farther into the past. So stock up! Alright, heres a pic of the box: A small box, as expected for inexpensive sets like these. Note the "Build your army" button on the front: TLG obviously is encouraging customers to buy multiples, and with good reason, which will be explained later in this review. Well, lets get straight to it: The contents of this set. You will notice a speeder bike, a gun turret, and some clones. Looking good so far! Lets have a look at the turret: An excellent Star Wars element to have around, especially for MOCing. It is very cleverly built, using a tire guard from CITY sets for the general shape of the turret mount. All you have to do is attach the (new mold! explained later) gun to the 2x1 plate with the center stud, and... Presto! I wonder how the clones build these turrets to fast in the middle of battle... A rear view: With a clone mounted: My only gripe about the turret is that you have to take off the gun in order for every clone to have a gun. Now, we move on to the vehicle of the set, the speeder bike: A rather sleek and good looking bike, with some useful pieces on it as well, such as the blue cones, the megaphones, and the engines. Some say it looks bare without the figs mounted on it, but I think it looks just fine. The commander drives while a trooper shoots on the back. A side view: And a rear view: My only gripe is the same as the turret: you have to remove the back gun for all the clones to have weapons while on foot. The back pistol attaches to a 2x2 round studded plate with a Technic hole in the middle. Finnaly, here are the new guns: This set comes with 1 new blaster rifle and three new pistols. It could have included one more rifle for the turret. And of course, the figs: Includes: 1 yellow commander (lovely fig), 1 Shocktrooper (comes with a pair of elctrobinouculars), and two regular troopers (so clean and white). The figs are excellent, all that any SW or LEGO fan should want. It could have maybe included one more regular trooper, but that might be pushing it. Thats all for now, folks, here is the... FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, extremely easy, should take the seasoned builder about 5 minutes to complete. A fun build, though. Playability: 5/10, I guess you can get this with the droid battle pack and make them battle, but this set has no real play features of its own. But it is good for collecting troops and using them for MOCs. Swooshability: 9/10, I guess you can zoom the speeder bike around... Minifigs: 10/10, four great figs that should be bought in multiples, a great army builder. Design: 10/10, a clever turret, an awesome speeder, and four great clones. What more do you need in a 10 dollar set? Price: 8/10, not bad I suppose, but if you calculate a dime for each piece, this set should come out to 5-6 dollars. But still, billions of these are being sold world-wide, and TLG is making a ton of money off of them. Overall score: 9.5/10, a truly memorable set, one that will be a favorite for ages to come, and very popular. A great army builder for a small price, plus vehicle and turret! With only a few very minor flaws, this set is one of the best of Star Wars. And this concludes my review, and as always, comments are most welcome.'], [1, 'I got like 5 of theses Hope we get the New clone battlepack, Do you ever think we will? We will only get 5 Clones if you buy all the New Republic sets...'], [1, "Nice review! I got over the gun problem with the shockie since the rebel in the Y-Wing doesn't need one. I wish I could have gotten more of these but I'll know for next time."], [1, 'When I saw this topic I was like : "Oh my god this set is out since 2007. This guy is so late!" but I read your review and this idea got out of my mind! Thank you Jim! I have 2 of these and I even have twice more droids than clones! I should have buy more but it\'s sold out now'], [1, 'Nice review JimButcher , this set is for many reasons awesome but unfortunately I just buy one. Now I am planning on buying one more in my wal-mart there are like three in stock but with a high price of $19.99 each so maybe just one and will keep it MISB .'], [0, 'Trudop561, on Jul 12 2008, 09:23 PM, said: When I saw this topic I was like : "Oh my god this set is out since 2007. This guy is so late!" but I read your review and this idea got out of my mind! Thank you Jim! I have 2 of these and I even have twice more droids than clones! I should have buy more but it\'s sold out now They are not sold out! If you go into UK Woolworths they have loads in stock!'], [0, 'Joey Lock, on Jul 13 2008, 12:16 AM, said: They are not sold out! If you go into UK Woolworths they have loads in stock! I live in Canada'], [0, "Thanks for the review very much Jim! Sooner or later I'll have six sets of this."], [0, 'Yet another fine review Your getting my fingers bleeding from all this updating the review index Keep doing that - reviewing that is. KimT'], [0, "I believe there's another set that has Star Corps Trooper with an orange pauldron. Is it any better?"], [1, '7654: Droids Battle Pack. Year: 2007 Number of pieces: 102 Number of minifigs: 7 Price: 9.99 USD Brickset Hi everybody, and welcome to my fourth review on Eurobricks. Today, I will review the Droid Bttle Pack set. NOTE: This set originally came with four megaphone blasters for each battle droid, but I replaced them (along with the crooked arms) with the new blaster pistols and new twisted arms. A picture of the box: As it is on the shelves of major-retail stores. A small box, as expected for inexpensive sets like these. Note the "Build your army" button on the front: TLG obviously is encouraging customers to buy multiples, and with good reason, which will be explained later in this review. An overview of the set\'s content: You can see a droid carrying vehicle, a STAP, and some battle/ super battle droids. A look at the carrier: A light tank. Note the guns on the front: The guns and cockpit can turn a little bit left and right from the main body. Also, the guns can move up and down, free from the cockpit: And check out the cockpit: Two 2x1 center studded plates side by side for the pilot to stand on. Now, moving on to the STAP: A small, very useful vehicle in the SW universe. These are seen frequently in both the movies and games (as well as other multimedia). The design is very clever, using vertical building and a clear stand. Rear view: The guns/ handlebars can go this far back: And finally, the figs: The figs are very good, but very common. We havent seen SBDs in a while, and now instead of metallic blue, they are metallic dark grey. The worst part of this set is that the battle droids have the old arms and guns, while the droids in the MTT and clone pack (both of the same year as this) have the new ones. I wonder why TLG decided to do that... again, This set originally came with four megaphone blasters for each battle droid, but I replaced them (along with the crooked arms) with the new blaster pistols and new twisted arms. So thats about it, heres the... FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, very easy, should take the seasoned builder about 5-10 minutes. Playability: 6/10, has a few play feature, but nothing exciting. Is good for MOCs and army building. Swooshability: 8/10, I suppose you could fly around the STAP... Minifigs: 7/10, the battle droids are good, but very common, and the dont come with new arms or guns. The SBDs are very nice, and in a new color. All figs are great for army building. Design: 8/10, the STAP was clever, but the carrier was a little bulky. Price: 10/10, as fair as it gets. Overall: 7.5/10, the figs are great to have and make MOCs and armies, and the vehicles are pretty cool (the carrier is a little lame). The main problem with this set is that the BDs dont get the new guns or arms, so they dont fit in with all the new sets. Also, droids arent as cool as clones. But the price is very fair. And now, my review has ended. Unfortunately, I believe this will be my last review for a long time for two reasons: one, the remaining sets that arent done (according to KimT\'s index) I either don\'t have or are broken or have missing pieces. and two, my budget is low right now, and I wont be able to get the Clone Wars sets right when they are released, so someone will probably beat me to reviewing them. Too bad, because I would love to do an RGS review... well, as always, comments very welcome!'], [0, 'Thanks for the review... ...Unfortunately the Droid Battle Pack is discontinued for the Uk S@H ...Also the Clone Battle Pack is discontinued for the USA S@H ( for the Americans)'], [0, "The Rancor, on Jul 12 2008, 09:11 PM, said: Thanks for the review... ...Unfortunately the Droid Battle Pack is discontinued for the Uk S@H ...Also the Clone Battle Pack is discontinued for the USA S@H ( for the Americans) Really? Wow, I'm luckier than I thought. I think I will buy another droid BP."], [0, "That's strange. I saw about 20 of them in my TRU. Anyways, nice review. I thought this set was great for armies."], [0, "Thanks for the review. I want to add that the few parts which are contained in this set are very usable for own MOCs. The Rancor, on Jul 12 2008, 11:11 PM, said: ...Unfortunately the Droid Battle Pack is discontinued for the Uk S@H Ooops - it's also not available in Germany any more."], [1, 'Thanks for the review JimButcher . I think this set is cool especially the cool redesigned STAP I just it.'], [0, 'Thanks for the great review. Nice and sharp pics, just the way I like them. Keep it up A nice little battle pack, if one is in to those pesky battle droids KimT'], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members and Town Lovers, This is my first classic town review. For today, I will be featuring the 6641, 4-Wheelin\' Truck which is produced in 1987. For some younger members in EB, you might not have encounter such a baby roaming down the streets, horning at others with its big massive truck. Considering this is a 1987 set, such a vehicle size is considered big in those days. Name: 4-Wheelin\' Truck Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1987 Pieces: 80 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD$6.50 An image of a 6641, 4-Wheelin\' Truck *Hello Everyone* Why the name 4-Wheelin\' Truck? It is because this truck is equipped with 4 heavy duty wheels which is considered "big" among other small vehicles in Classic Town. Please take note, most of the vehicles that are produced in Classic Town era, are 4-studs wide. This truck is no exception. Meet the driver and his truck! This truck has a very good combinations of different colors that are common for most town vehicles. It made used of blue, white and red as its primary combinations. I find that this combinations is quite soothing to its eyes especially the blue bricks. In addition, the mini-fig torso is superb. The driver must be a great fan of this vehicle. I realised most truck drivers in the classic town era wear this most of the time. I wonder if its some kind of an organization? Front view There is 2 red doors coupled with the truck, to enable the driver to get in properly. This vehicle is considered big in the 1980s. However, if you compared it with the current city vehicles, this truck certainly will not outsize the current designs. Please take note of the wheels. The wheels are pretty different. I don\'t remember seeing these wheels in many other vehicles, maybe some members can help me on this. Most of the classic town vehicles have a window frame on top which is known as a "sun-roof". In this set, this feature is also included. Furthermore, the vehicle frame has a simple mechanism which all town lovers love. It is to lift it up and place their driver in and out the seat. Most importantly, you do not have to take off the entire window frame just to put in the driver. Different angles of the 4-Wheelin\' Truck SNOT Technique? Back 20 years ago, LEGO had been experimenting with SNOT technique. You can see that the back looks very neat without the studs. In addition, it can be quite useful to place a mini-fig on top of it, or throw some baggage for some quick getaway. Summary review Playability: 8/10 (Great addition to your Town collection.) Design: 8.5/10 (Very good design. I love 4-studs truck. At least, it is able to occupy one side of the lane) Price: 9/10 (An inexpensive set based on the 1987 pricing) Overall: 8.5/10 (A must have for all Classic Town lovers, we have been complaining for more wider range of vehicle) I gave it a "4" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated) Edited by WhiteFang, 13 July 2008 - 12:08 PM.'], [-1, "great review! but for the car: i don't like the color combination of red+blue"], [1, "great review of a lovely set! thank you! sadly I don't see my 6641 really often, because it is kind of in the back of my shelf. But I might get it and swoosh it (?) a few times...! IMHO i think 6675 is a little bit more aggressive. cool! Please make more!"], [0, 'Glad you guys liked this review. BerndDasBrot, on Jul 13 2008, 07:33 PM, said: great review of a lovely set! thank you! sadly I don\'t see my 6641 really often, because it is kind of in the back of my shelf. But I might get it and swoosh it (?) a few times...! IMHO i think 6675 is a little bit more aggressive. cool! Please make more! Swoosh it around?? I will prefer to use it to "vrooom" it around on my road baseplates. BerndDasBrot, thanks for reminding me of the 6675. I will need to find it and restore it first. Meanwhile, watch out for more upcoming Classic Town Reviews.'], [0, "WhiteFang, on Jul 13 2008, 11:25 AM, said: The wheels are pretty different. I don't remember seeing these wheels in many other vehicles, maybe some members can help me on this. First of all, another great review! Thanks for doing these! As for the wheels, these were primarily Technic wheels but did find their way into some other models. In white, I can only find a handful of minifig sets that they are included with. There's half a dozen space sets but, apart from the 4-Wheelin Truck, the only other Town set appears to be the 6524 Blizzard Blazer (tractor with snow plough). The wheels were also in a Train set called 4549 Road & Rail Hauler where they were the wheels on a big forklift. Cheers Rog"], [1, 'Love this set! Nice review also.. I had the set in my hands a few times but never bought it, though I drooled at it, I remember. I guess I didn\'t get pocket money at that time, it was not that common around europe in the 80s I guess. So better to say that no one bought it for me.. A few years later I got the safari truck, which is also really sweet. I like the colors of this model and the detail of it. The minifig is really classic, made only for this set (appears in some later train sets as well) and shows the exact image of the truck on the shirt, including the motor piece. One of the most detailed and loveliest little sets from a sweet era of Legoland city! PS Voted "O" for Outstanding. Edited by Zzz, 14 July 2008 - 09:50 AM.'], [-1, 'hmmm.... i probably would not have bought this as a kid in 1987, unless i had money to spare or the shop had no other set from space or castle, the two other big lines in 1987, and no better set in the town section. i think it\'s a great parts pack, but the model itself does not look very attractive. I never really liked those wheels, honestly. They\'re from the basic sets, mostly, and they work pretty well in those, but i\'m just not a fan... the roof, on the other hand, was very popular and the blue modified bricks at the front were quite rare in those days, but generally speaking, this was not the star of 1987. gave it a "3"'], [0, 'Zzz, on Jul 14 2008, 10:49 AM, said: ...The minifig is really classic, made only for this set... The minifig also appeared in 6395 Grand Prix Racing Scene as a spectator Cheers Rog'], [0, "Thanks everyone. Glad that you guys enjoyed this review. rriggs, on Jul 13 2008, 08:06 PM, said: As for the wheels, these were primarily Technic wheels but did find their way into some other models. In white, I can only find a handful of minifig sets that they are included with. There's half a dozen space sets but, apart from the 4-Wheelin Truck, the only other Town set appears to be the 6524 Blizzard Blazer (tractor with snow plough). The wheels were also in a Train set called 4549 Road & Rail Hauler where they were the wheels on a big forklift. I never realised that. I supposed these wheels is one of the earliest technic parts, appeared in system sets. Zzz, on Jul 14 2008, 05:49 PM, said: minifig is really classic, made only for this set (appears in some later train sets as well) and shows the exact image of the truck on the shirt, including the motor piece. One of the most detailed and loveliest little sets from a sweet era of Legoland city! I will show it to you in a few days time, that this mini-fig torso does not only appear in this set. In fact, I am quite fond of this lovely torso with its symbolic truck printed on it. snefroe, on Jul 14 2008, 07:37 PM, said: hmmm.... i probably would not have bought this as a kid in 1987, unless i had money to spare or the shop had no other set from space or castle, the two other big lines in 1987, and no better set in the town section. i think it's a great parts pack, but the model itself does not look very attractive. I never really liked those wheels, honestly. They're from the basic sets, mostly, and they work pretty well in those, but i'm just not a fan... the roof, on the other hand, was very popular and the blue modified bricks at the front were quite rare in those days, but generally speaking, this was not the star of 1987. I wouldn't agreed less. This set is a good to have and is defintely not the main highlights in 1987. This is actually a great add-on to your classic town vehicle collections. After seeing so many typical police cars, ambulance, fire engine and etc, I need more variety of civillan vehicles roaming down the streets."], [0, 'WhiteFang, on Jul 13 2008, 01:37 PM, said: Swoosh it around?? I will prefer to use it to "vrooom" it around on my road baseplates. only "vrooom" it around? your cars can\'t fly?! I just building my 6641 while I\'m writing this and I have to say that it\'s really really great.'], [1, 'Dear AFOL friends, due to leakage of production plant in our country one member of our Lego club had bought a new promo set. Until now he placed only photo of the box, later on promissed to make a review. Heavenly God, I wanna one at all costs! Most were found here... Edited by Sinner, 17 July 2008 - 12:47 AM. Put photos in'], [1, 'WOW! Oh set 4999, How do I love thee, let me count the ways: 1)An attractive cottage 2)A usefull service van 3)Great parts including green BURPS! 4)Responsible energy for my LEGO town! This would be the perfect addition to my seaside village. By the way, what is VESTAS?'], [1, 'OMG, I have seen the light! Will it be availeble from S@H? Or is it just a promo? Thanks for making my day wonderfull! Dr. Brick'], [1, 'I want it...i want at least five!! Where will it be availible?'], [1, 'O....M.... G!!!!!!! That looks sweet! How much did he say it was?'], [1, "Wow, it does look really cool. I love that...oops! It's gone. Can't post pics of that yet, sorry. It was requested that we remove those pics. Sorry everyone. Have a nice day."], [1, 'Oh my..that looks A-MA-ZING! Seems my prayers for more civilian sets have been heard! Hopefully we will get more such stuff in the city future1'], [0, 'I wish I had seen it.... Judging by the reactions it is a pretty good set!'], [0, 'awww i wanna see it please? edit: omg its all over the interwebs, if you know where it looks amzaing its a giant windmill with a house at bottom Edited by Pencoin, 14 July 2008 - 05:24 PM.'], [1, 'I had saw the earlier image just now. It looks very nice. Just to share some information with you guys. Vestas, an global company which is an expert in "Wind Energy" This is a tie-up with LEGO. I feel its an illustration on how our world will benefit by applying and believing its technology to make use of re-useable natural resources. Hinckley, is it ok for me to share a picture or two on the Vestas Exhibition that happened few months ago in Singapore? Don\'t worry, it\'s not anything related "directly" to the Vestas Promo, Wind Power plant.'], [1, "It would appear that Lego wants this beauty kept a secret...=P Anywho, this is AMAZING. I found pics...somewhere...and...oh wow. This thing is a must-have, and I'll be saddened so much if I can't find it anywhere. I doubt they'd keep a set like this promo, though. Those parts are great for town fans, castle fans, space fans...you name it, that set could be useful for it. Ohhh goodness... ~Trexxen, who is blown away by this amazing set..."], [0, 'WhiteFang, on Jul 14 2008, 11:23 AM, said: Hinckley, is it ok for me to share a picture or two on the Vestas Exhibition that happened few months ago in Singapore? Don\'t worry, it\'s not anything related "directly" to the Vestas Promo, Wind Power plant. Er...is this a test? Are you working for TLG now? I\'m being watched you know. They\'re outside my window... So, no. Not if the set appears in the pictures. And if they\'re just of the convention, post them in community...'], [1, "OMG! OMG! Wow! That's simply amazing. Wow! I can't say more... Wait, I can. This is such a beatiful set. I sure hope it will be available for us to, like European people. It's so nice. It looks like the real thing, great cottage, great pieces, great van and figures. And the windthing. Wow!"], [0, 'God Save the save as-function'], [1, 'Wow! I searched on Brickshelf and saw pictures that is just amazing! I can only imagine the cost though. Will it be on S@H? Or will it be sold elsewhere? Cant wait! -Darthperson EDIT: Heh, see those cool little chairs on the patio made of the city mudguards? Edited by darthperson, 14 July 2008 - 05:58 PM.'], [0, "Bagh I missed it all I know is that theres a cottage and van! Time for Brickshelf no doubt they've been taken down to. EDIT: Awsome just found the Brcikshelf pics. Edited by Skipper 24, 14 July 2008 - 06:05 PM."], [0, "Sounds cool but I can't seem to find any of these leaked pics, not even on brickshelf. Maybe I am not searching under the right phrases. Oh well. I guess I can wait patiently."], [0, 'Wow! Managed to find a pic on Brickshelf and this is a great set. Hope it going to be released properly and not just a promo. One thing though, would it not be quite noisy if you lived in that house'], [0, "What's so great about the cottage? I do agree that the generator and van are teh pwnzorz. Edit by Hinckley: We prefer the use of real words here. Please familiarize yourself with the Member Guidelines. Thank you."], [0, "That sounds amazing! A wind power plant as a Lego set is absolutely awesome and helps the Lego City to get environmental energy. Regrettably I missed the pics. When browsing through BS I didn't find them, too . Can someone please post a link or sent me the link/picture via PM ? Thanks. Klaus-Dieter"], [1, "filefolders, on Jul 14 2008, 07:29 PM, said: What's so great about the cottage? I do agree that the generator and van are teh pwnzorz. I think the great thing about the cottage is its very reminiscent of classic holiday home type houses that Lego used to make like this one from the late 80s which a lot of people (me included) believe Lego need to make more of."], [0, "I now found pics, too. That's absolutely ! After 10188 Town Plan this is the best City set ever! I really like the neat landscape with the little hill (there are a bench and some flowers on it, too ) and this brilliant cottage ! Great idea with that power function that the wind mill turns and then enable the lights of the cottage ! Concerning the City theme I must say: In the last time TLG comes up with one great surprise after the other. Does anyone know where and when it'll be available (this year I think - otherwise there wouldn't be already pics, would they?) and how much it'll cost (I think about 70 Euros, what do you think?)? I only hope that it'll be available in Germany, too, otherwise I would be really if I am not able to get it since it is a must for every City and environment fan! Klaus-Dieter Edited by Klaus-Dieter, 14 July 2008 - 06:49 PM."], [0, "I also found the pics, and most of what I can say is: It's kind of funny how it's a small house with a gigantic windmill over it, though."], [0, 'OK guys, respect TLC? crazy policy (They don´t take care about thiefs selling those sets long before official release,but they complain about one small photo on web ). If someone still needs photo, simply email me on josefzizka@post.cz, I will be glad to send you three pictures'], [1, "JSN, on Jul 14 2008, 08:35 PM, said: I think the great thing about the cottage is its very reminiscent of classic holiday home type houses that Lego used to make like this one from the late 80s which a lot of people (me included) believe Lego need to make more of. I totally agree with you, JSN' date=! This house in your link reminds me of the old weekend/holiday cottages ( ). Hopefully the cottage in the wind power plant set cottage includes a nice interior, too. The outside looks amazing anyway ! I really would like to see more apartment holiday homes, too, but how it seems TLG is on its best way towards doing that! Klaus-Dieter"], [1, "I recently got a few still sealed and new sets from the 90' on ebay, and after the Rock Raider's Hover Scout this isthe second one i'll review. I really like the space port theme, even if the sets may be more simple than earlier space city sets, i like the overall look and the color scheme. But enough of that, let's go on with the pictures! Set Nr.: 6455 Name: Space Simulation Station Number of minifigs: 3 Number of pieces: 240 Release Year: 1999 First again a few pics of the boxes and the instructions: The main box: This theme had a kinda strange seperation of the pieces, the parts for the control center and the shuttle are in seperate little boxes, and the others are in polybags with the models printed on them. Also seperate instructions for each step: A general overview: We got 3 lovely minifigs here, from left to right the control engineer, the mechanic and the astronaut: The -i dont know the english word for it- testing-thing, the astronaut is being tested to hard nerves there The mechanics little car, on the back an extinguisher and a radio device is attached: the take-off station for the little shuttle with the shuttle itself on it: And without it: Tools, tools, tools! The shuttle as stand-alone: i think that would be fuel tanks, i like this little detail: And finally we have the controll room, would have been better with seats, but it's alright: A really sweet mid-sized set if you ask me, a few juniorized parts, but it fits perfectly with the set. The theme itself is also great, and i wish that TLG brings it back, i could see stunning sets with the quality city sets have right now!"], [1, "you just bring memory's back i never had one of the space port sets, but i know that as a little boy i visited my toy store and kept on looking to the boxes. on BL those sets cost too much for what ist worth today. really, TLC should bring this theme back! Space port ON!"], [0, "In the catalog images I thougt that the base was on a 16'16 baseplate... I have some sets of space-port and like them, but I would want real town sets in 1999... Edited by Lord Santos, 15 July 2008 - 10:58 AM."], [1, 'I got this set for christmas, and you gave me the feeling for wanting to build it again. Thanks for the review!'], [1, 'The spinning machine is a centerfuge. (Not sure of the spelling ) I remember wanting this set because my friend had the larger station with full rocket. Seeing this makes me want it again.....'], [1, "My sister got this from our grandparents once when she was interested with space but it fell into my hands later. I had a lot of fun with that. By the way, the name for the test thing is called a centrifuge. It tests a person's ability to withstand high g-forces. Edited by filefolders, 15 July 2008 - 03:55 PM."], [1, "*mini-bump* Wow, I'd completely forgotten about this theme, which is suprising since I absolutely loved this theme as a kid (minus the sound n' light brick, which I thought was pretty big and ugly). Sure brings back memories of looking at those little catalogue booklets that came with the sets."], [0, 'I had never seen this set or this theme before. It was released during my dark age, and I had missed it. It\'s nice to see such sets, surface once again, to educate members like me that there are some good sets we had missed during the dark age. And, I must admit that this is a very good set. It\'s comes with 3 mini-figs and Staudie with it. Geez, I never thought he was an astronaunt back then. The testing facility is great, and I love to see it spin, by putting Staudie in it for a "test-run". The buggy is cute as well, but somehow, I don\'t really like the white frame at the back. It looked a little odd to me. The tools, are simply wonderful to have. Furthermore, these are grey tools. The last time, we had so many tools are the aeroplane mechanic. The shuttle is nice, but does the shuttle supposed to come with a cover as well? I guess, since this is a simulator, they must have cut down the budget for it. The control room is good, and it will be even better with chairs included. metalandi, thanks for the wonderful review!'], [0, 'Thank you very much for the review. NOW I remember! I got Mission Control when I was only 5 and built it with the help of my older sister. I loved it so much, I never rebuilt it but now... I just have to! Space Simulation was one I never got but looks to be a great set.'], [0, "WOW!!!! I'm just surprised...I thought these were all street dated for the 26th of July. At least that's what I read according to Lucas information. Oh well, gratz on getin one of the new sets. I'm looking forward to seeing the Droid Gunship and the Twilight real, real, REAL soon!"], [0, 'Do the manga guards heads fit on a regular minifig torso?'], [0, 'Stop calling them "Manga Guards", people, that sounds silly! It\'s Magna Guards! Sorry, but I just hate mangas. Edited by Oky Wan Kenobi, 20 July 2008 - 11:28 PM.'], [0, 'Oky Wan Kenobi, on Jul 20 2008, 06:27 PM, said: Stop calling them "Manga Guards", people, that sounds silly! It\'s Magna Guards! Sorry, but I just hate mangas. No need to be a sourpuss, cheer up! But half the time these are the result of typos, I do them all the tmie! tpyos ON! datrhperson'], [0, "And the other half of us, just don't care... Steve"], [-1, 'Well TLC blew this one i was hoping the magna guards would be what they looked like in LSW 1 !!!!! ohwell one more set i dont have to get.'], [0, "Dfenz, on Jul 17 2008, 11:42 PM, said: Nice review with very clear pics!! I have pre-ordered this item at a local (Belgian) store and will be getting it on July 29th, together with the 7676 Gunship. Wow 59,99EUr is a LOT of money!! What country do you live in??? Here it costed me 46EUR, so quite a price difference!!! IMO the set's certainly NOT worth that much money! Reki"], [-1, 'UPDATE: I WILL BE MERGING REVIEWS AS THEY GO IDLE, THIS IS NOW THE DINO ATTACK REVIEW THREAD "What, Jay\'s not doing Viking reviews!?" Nope, I think Christopher110 took care of those just fine. Instead, I have brought you what is most possibly the HIGHEST-ANTICIPATED set of the year (;) :D) - the T1 Typhoon. And I gotta say - Dinos apart, it\'s actually really cool. The Dinos Let\'s get the worst over with. Yes. Those are ALL the parts in that \'dino\'.'], [1, "The Figs They're possibly the best part of the entire set, all in all. Nice new head, although the glasses limit its usability. I am in LOVE with the head on that fig. It's perfect for any number of figures - a good 'scarred hero' face has always been on my want list. I'm turning him into my Viking warlord after I post this review. Again, a new head. Great stubbly beard thing going on. My second-favorite head of the lot. Great for warriors, especially with helms. The torsos are fantastic for special forces figures, if anyone's planning to do something like that. Not TOO fond of the lime green on there, but it's still extremely usable. This is actually a really cool machine gun. I like it. I think this would be a good point to note that ALL designs you see - outside the figures and dinos - are stickers. That means a crapload of stickers. If you can't stand stickers at all in a set, don't buy this."], [1, "The Copter This is one BIGASS copter. The photos really don't do the size justice. Lower cockpit with cool computer. Too bad it's a sticker, although I'll definitely leave this one on. Upper cockpit with cool computer. See above. Awesome gatling gun. Yes, even the TECHNIC BEAMS have stickers. I'm actually really fond of that little canister thing. I can see using it elsewhere. Yes - that's a sticker. The rope and hook. I forgot to mention it before, this set comes with two accessories besides the machine gun - binocs and one of those little things to slide down the rope. Also, the thing that 'extends' the rope turns. The other side, because they're slightly asymmetrical. One of my favorite stickers. The door says 'SURVIVAL EQUIPMENT'. It's on both sides. Definitely a keeper."], [1, "The base of the propeller. It wobbles a bit, but doesn't fall off. Very sturdy. Right side of the rear propeller. And the left (and better) side. The tail. It uses construction similar to the X-wing's nose, but on a larger scale. Definitely cool. A very neat part of the copter. The guns are constructed so that... ... they turn without turning the cockpit. The interior is rather blase, though."], [1, "Another of my favorite parts - landing gear. This is the front section. ... and it retracts! Unlike most ships with landing gear, this does NOT retract without effort (coughXWINGcough). Very sleek. The back landing gear. ... and again, smooth retraction. Gotta love it. FINAL SCORE: 8.4/10 Parts: 8/10 Figs: 10/10 Dinos: 2/10 Copter: 9/10 Value: 7/10 Don't Buy If: - you can wait for Vikings - you don't like any set with stickers - you're not a space fan Buy If: - you're a space fan - you don't mind stickers/don't apply them - you're like to create cool figures Overall, I think it was worth the price, even at 605 pieces. However, I'd suggest buying Vikings even considering this. Well, hope this review (unexpected as it was ;-)) helped someone out there. Until next time, Bloody Jay"], [0, 'As unexpected as it was, this was very helpful! ;) Three questions, though: 1. Is the front green rubber missle a traditional launchable missle, or does it have another firing mechanism? 2. Concerning the guns on the side, are they fixed in one postition, or does it have any functions? 3. Why did you decide to buy this set? (Just curious!)'], [0, "mr. lego_bildur, on Jul 24 2005, 09:35 PM, said: As unexpected as it was, this was very helpful! ;) Two questions, though: 1. Is the front green rubber missle a traditional launchable missle, or does it have another firing mechanism? 2. Concerning the guns on the side, are they fixed in one postition, or does it have any functions? 3. Why did you decide to buy this set? (Just curious!) 1. Oh, I overlooked that, didn't I! In response, it's an upside-down launcher, so the switch is on the underside. So no, no special mechanism. 2. The gatling guns can be raised, but not turned. 3. I found it in Toys R Us, and was after a few of the figs, but after seeing the box up close and personal, decided 'what the heck! It's a good break from Vikings!' :-D"], [1, 'I really want those figs.....damm you Bloody Jay!!!'], [1, "Great Review Jay !!!!! Tks a lot ;) I am not that of the big fan of the copter due to its proportions - but I admit its really asome looking, better as I expected :oD The best are those MFs !!!!!! They are truly awsome !!!!!!! I wiil but some of the smaller sets just for the figs hehe (too bad that my favorite - your second best - don't come in the smallers sets :'( ). Are you going to review the other sets as well ??? That could be cool !!!!!"], [1, "Thanks, Bloody_Jay. Another brilliant review. I really like the helicopter. Though I hate the stickers (it seem like there are a lot of it), it won't stop me from buying it. Too bad that when will the Dino line arrive in Singapore. . . :'( Guess I've have to wait for the meanwhile."], [1, "That looks like a really great set, although I don't think I'd have anywhere to put it. I don't think I'll ever be able to get the set anyway, since it doesn't come out over here."], [0, "sam89, on Jul 25 2005, 01:11 PM, said: That looks like a really great set, although I don't think I'd have anywhere to put it. I don't think I'll ever be able to get the set anyway, since it doesn't come out over here. sam, missing your point. The set _should_ come to Europe, as 7298, but without guns (large crate instead)."], [0, "Hmmmm . . . . interesting. It's a shame though, because I really like the guns. Any idea when it should come to Europe? EDIT: I've just scene the Official DINO Attack site, which says they're coming to Europe in October."], [0, "Does anyone have photos of the ones being released in Europe? I'd like to compare the ones here in the U.S. to the ones in Europe..."], [0, "No, there aren't any pictures yet."], [0, 'Photos are not available, but basically it is: -guns +chains +ropes +crates'], [1, 'Wow, great review, for a great set. Thanks Jay. I really like it, although to big for my city. :( I too really like the MFs. Because of your review, I am definitely considering it. Thanks again, LegoBmw.'], [1, "That's interesting news about the European release. I'd definitely be interested to see how they modify the set - chains, ropes, and crates are definitely useful pieces. Can't wait for pictures. To everyone looking for just the figures - don't skip out and get the smaller set and the tank. Spend the extra $20 and get the T1. It's well worth it. I might pick up the Steel Sprinter and the Fire Hammer myself, still trying to decide. If I do, I'll review them."], [0, "I guess we'll have to wait for the photos! Officially announced by LEGO, the Dino Attack line is going to be made available in Europe in October 2005... EDIT: Check out the official Dino Attack site here!"], [1, "Yeah, I picked up another one. I really liked the chopper! Let's cut straight to the chase. Dinos: First the worst, of course. These things are so horrible, they don't deserve more than one photo. They're rubbery, one piece, and the only things that remotely indicate that they're made by LEGO are the holes on the bottom of their feet. They're unrealistic to an extreme unmatched by even the previously reviewed Dinos, in that they are waaaaaaaay too thin, one is pink, and they're all grinning. Fig: One interesting thing to note is that this one has the same torso as the iron-masked dude in the chopper, not his own bare-arms torso. Pic for the sake of comparison. Now, I don't consider this fig as good as the others because the other heads are useful for Vikings and assorted castle-type people, but this has sunglasses. All in all, you'll probably find it useful, but I don't. Still, great torso for special ops stuff. Hummer: Those headlights - while stickers (yes, all prints are again stickers, although there are much less than the chopper) - are great pieces. I can see using them as furnace covers or stove burners. The windshield/hood area. Not much to say about this one. Driver's side. My question? When this is brought to Europe, will the steering wheel switch sides? ;) Seriously though, I love that little steering wheel piece more than I love taffy. And I'm a man who enjoys his taffy. Left side in its entirety. ... and the right side. View through the right side - no seat here. Could've done with another fig to fill the nonexistant seat, as well."], [1, "The... weapon. Whatever it's called. This uses the same mechanism as the longboat (for those that don't have either, you snap the little sports stand thing, which hits the 'missile', which fires, and since there's nothing holding the technic beam up to that height any more, it drops down so that the next missile drops into place. Pretty cool, if unrealistic.). The two on the side do NOT fire, I think they're mainly there for 'extra ammo'. My biggest problem with this set. Open bed. This could have easily been remedied with a few plates. Interior opened. The Fire Hammer next to the T1. They look very cool together, don't they? You can also see my curio shelf. FINAL SCORE: 7.4/10 Dinos: 1/10 Fig: 8/10 (but that's just me) Hummer: 8.5/10 Parts: 9/10 I'm a harsh reviewer. I still think that if space/vehicles are your thing, you should buy this. However, if you're a bigger castle fan, or just like to get all sorts of LEGO, I would still suggest buying the Viking Catapult before this. However, I do think that these are some of the coolest sets of 2005. This is something you will eventually want to get. Until next time, Bloody Jay"], [0, 'Thanks Bloody Jay! Any chance you could be reviewing the other Dino Attack sets?'], [0, 'mr. lego_bildur, on Jul 25 2005, 10:11 PM, said: Thanks Bloody Jay! Any chance you could be reviewing the other Dino Attack sets? Possibly the Steel Sprinter and Urban Avenger, but I can say with finality that I will NOT buy the tank until I find it available for $30 or less. On that note, if anybody DOES find it for $30 or less, shoot me a PM. ;)'], [0, 'Sorry for the double post, but I just had another question in mind: How long/high/wide is this "badass" copter? (including rotors). I have heard of as long as 25 inches for the length, but is this true or is it just an exaggeration?'], [0, 'mr. lego_bildur, on Jul 25 2005, 10:53 PM, said: Sorry for the double post, but I just had another question in mind: How long/high/wide is this "badass" copter? (including rotors). Have have heard of as long as 25 inches for the length, but is this true or is it just an exaggeration? 25" long, and the rotors are 10" long each (making it 20" wide). Hope that helps!'], [1, 'Wow, i think this is the first time i\'m the first to have a new set (at least here) and review it. Got it 2 days ago, thanks to a fast shipping from S@H this time, and i found time now to review it now. Enough of the babbling, let\'s let the facts and pictures speak, which actually turned out pretty well this time. Set Nr.: 4210 Name: Coast Guard Platform Number of minifigs: 4 Number of pieces: 469 Release Year: 2008 A few shots of the box first: 2 Books of Instructions we got here, first one for the helicopter second one for the rest and the platform itself: A general overview of the platform from above: The 4 minifigs, 3 rescue guys and one oil rig worker (?). The pilot seems not very happy that he has to work in the middle of nowhere at sea Right beside the entry of the tower we have the diving equipment holder: Next, the guy can jump in this little speedboat... ...and another guy brings it down to water with the crane: If somebody is rescued from the air, he arrives here and is brought to the tower with the little moving platform than runs on "rails": Down under we got a buoy and several life belts and extinguishers: With the lift somebody who is rescued by the boat can be brought up. I think it would been better if they would have made a mechanism there to bring it up, but it\'s okay: A few floors higher the sea is being observated and watched: On the ground level we have the medical station/warm-up room: The helicopter as stand-alone: All in all for me this is besides the police station THE city set of this year. It\'s got great features, and looks fantastic and also has many useful pieces. You can\'t do anything wrong with buying it, 10/10 for me! That\'s all for now, hope you liked my review. Edit: Oh damn, i forgot to write "review" in the topic title, can a mod please add this? Thanks!'], [1, 'I love this set... and I wish I thought of the bridge piece idea! The only part I don\'t like is the lift... Thanks for the great review. metalandi, on Jul 18 2008, 06:53 PM, said: Edit: Oh damn, i forgot to write "review" in the topic title, can a mod please add this? Thanks! Done!'], [1, "Thanks for the awesome review, metalandi! Your pics are very clear and you go into detail about all the functions of the set. I agree, this is a great set - one of the best of the CG line for sure, way better than the boat set with the tower on the Bionicle baseplate, and cheaper too. I even like the helicopter better than the oversized version. Lots of great parts and a really nice build by the looks of it too. I can't wait for this to be released in Oz!"], [0, "Seeing the pictures in this review certainly reinforce my original thoughts on this set: Here's an oil-rig mod waiting to happen..."], [1, 'Very nice review and nice set to boot. Lots of little features that increase the playability. Great pics too (i remember you had trouble before with the Tower Raid castle set, as i just got mine and was looking to review it, but saw your review in archives.....shakes fist at how slow aussies get sets ) Great Reviews On!'], [1, 'Good review ;) I will buy it this year :)'], [1, "Excellent review Metalandi. It's always great to see early pictures of new sets. This set really reminds me of an oil rig, and could probably be easily modified as one (if one wanted an alternate model). The two components that I like most are the boat crane and the control room, but other sections are pretty slick as well. Are those printed pieces in the control room, or stickers? I'm really starting to gain an appreciation for these new coast guard sets. They've come a long way over the years: 575 Coast Guard Station -Released 1978. I picked up the Control Boat & Tower (7739) a few weeks ago but haven't opened it yet). In any case, thanks for taking the time to review this set and share it over EB."], [1, 'Great set and great parts pack as well! I guess I´m gonna buy this when it´s on sale, just for the orange parts. Excellent for Exo Force'], [0, "TheBrickster, on Jul 18 2008, 02:35 PM, said: Excellent review Metalandi. It's always great to see early pictures of new sets. This set really reminds me of an oil rig, and could probably be easily modified as one (if one wanted an alternate model). The two components that I like most are the boat crane and the control room, but other sections are pretty slick as well. Are those printed pieces in the control room, or stickers? I'm really starting to gain an appreciation for these new coast guard sets. They've come a long way over the years: http://www.majhost.c...Guard/09set.jpg 575 Coast Guard Station -Released 1978. I picked up the Control Boat & Tower (7739) a few weeks ago but haven't opened it yet). In any case, thanks for taking the time to review this set and share it over EB. First, thanks to all your great response for my review, i'm glad you like this set aswell. As it comes to stickers, the tiles ant slopes in the control room are printed pieces! The rest as coast guard logo patterns and so on are stickers. I forgot to make a photo of the sticker sheet unfortunately"], [1, "I It!! I dont think i'm gonna buy it but i LOVED the review Nice Oil Rig worker; he looks so ROUGH Undersigned MoWo"], [1, "Thanks for the great review. I'm loving this set a lot - it looks well designed, and the helicopter is awesome! Plus, I love the new worker figure with the beard. Quote I agree, this is a great set - one of the best of the CG line for sure, way better than the boat set with the tower on the Bionicle baseplate I wouldn't say that at all - true, this base is bigger, but the other set was well designed as well - plus the included boat is wonderful."], [0, "Is there any way to order one of these if you don't live in France or one of the countries where S@H sells it?"], [0, "I don't know really. In which country do you live? I haven't been to my local stores for a while now, so i don't know if they have it there, but maybe i'll find some time tomorrow to check it out."], [0, "metalandi, on Jul 19 2008, 01:28 AM, said: I don't know really. In which country do you live? I haven't been to my local stores for a while now, so i don't know if they have it there, but maybe i'll find some time tomorrow to check it out. Heh, I live in Japan (probably the only one here who does), so I don't have S@H at all. If S@H US or Canada had it (which they don't), I could probably get it forwarded."], [-1, 'the worker looks like he soiled his pants um oh yeah... Nice reveiw! very cool set... Im not sure about the bottom floor glass being dark grey and the top floor glass being light blue.'], [1, 'I think it looks good on the real set. I thought, the darker glass might be good on the ground level so the rescued guy has it nice and dark in there'], [1, 'Nice review! This is just the "Crown Jewel" for the Coast Guard theme. I love the layout of its platform. It looks real neat to have it placed it in the midst of the deep blue sea, awaiting of any emergency rescue. Sometimes, I feel that this set can used it to merge with my Aqua Raiders sets. I thought of using it as a land base, for the raiders to dock in their stuff before submerge into the ocean. Ok, it\'s just a wierd idea of mine. Just feel that Aqua Raiders and Coast Guard can work hand in hand, since they are naval expertise! It seemed, I can\'t view all the pictures somehow. Nevertheless, I can still view some of it quite well. I love the command center. The amount of computer printed pieces simply make me smile, with the monitor, keyboard, radar screen and etc. The helicopter is cute too. However, I pity the victim that is loaded at the back. It seemed a little bit too dangerous. In addition, this set seemed to have quite alot of stickers, which can be quite discouraging. I do hope to see this set soon. So far, I quite like the Current Coast Guard sets.'], [0, 'svelte_corps, on Jul 18 2008, 08:22 PM, said: Thanks for the awesome review, metalandi! Your pics are very clear and you go into detail about all the functions of the set. I agree, this is a great set - one of the best of the CG line for sure, way better than the boat set with the tower on the Bionicle baseplate, and cheaper too. I even like the helicopter better than the oversized version. Lots of great parts and a really nice build by the looks of it too. I can\'t wait for this to be released in Oz! Yea great review metalandi But i fail too see how this will be in my budget as well as- Most of the Agents sets + At-te, RGS & V-19 . I also agree with svelte i like this little chopper better then the big one and it actualy has a place to "stay" instead of the big one theres no landing pad for the big one too go on in any CG set so far. and its only $80 AUSD'], [0, "I agree with both of you. First, i have to add, that a few of the stickers were a bit annoying as it comes to put them on espacially the ones on the helicopter, where you have to put them on round parts. But i didn't really see this at a bad point, i really can live with it. Second, it was a very hard decision, believe it or not, on which new set to buy, cause i got a huge 2008 set-wantlist. I guess it'll take some time before i can get most of the other sets i want"], [0, 'Darth_Legois, on Jul 19 2008, 06:31 AM, said: and its only $80 AUSD Do they sell this set in brick-and-mortar stores in Australia?'], [0, 'Tenorikuma, on Jul 19 2008, 07:49 PM, said: Do they sell this set in brick-and-mortar stores in Australia? I have no idea what a brick & motar store is...'], [0, "Darth_Legois, on Jul 19 2008, 06:09 PM, said: I have no idea what a brick & motar store is... Sorry, I mean physical retail stores (Toys-R-Us, etc.) as opposed to online stores (like Shop@Home). Can you walk into a shop in Brisbane and buy this set off the shelf? If so, I'll get my wife to buy me one when she visits the Land Down Under next month. Edited by Tenorikuma, 19 July 2008 - 10:27 AM."], [0, "Tenorikuma, on Jul 19 2008, 08:26 PM, said: Sorry, I mean physical retail stores (Toys-R-Us, etc.) as opposed to online stores (like Shop@Home). Can you walk into a shop in Brisbane and buy this set off the shelf? If so, I'll get my wife to buy me one when she visits the Land Down Under next month. Well some sets [This CG Platform is one of them] a store exclusive to Toys R Us but most CG and all other LEGO can be found in shops like Target, BigW, Kmart, Myer, Mr.Toys Toy world & David Jones & then there is Toys R Us of course but they are usualy abit more expensive then other retailers but they usualy have the exclusive sets like this one. And its funny you are from Japan because i'am going there in September with my Dad [He's a missionary] and i was wondering where i can find LEGO in japan since i have not been to Japan since 2001 and i was not into LEGO much then. Im sure you guys have a Toys R Us right?"], [1, "That's a great review of a great City set! Thank you very much, metalandi! First of all I wanted to buy the 7999 CG Petrol Boat & Tower. But now I surely will buy this amazing platform instead of the 7999 if my local toy seller sells the 4210. Reason: 4210 is something very unusual set (I think we won't get a set similar to that in the next 20 years) and because of I don't like the petrol boat inside (no backwalls , nearly no interior ). Klaus-Dieter"], [0, 'Great review metalandi! Thanks for posting it with a number of pictures, the only question is why Lego decided to produce so many sets I want to buy in one year!'], [0, 'Paramedic Unit Set #: 6364 Year Released: 1980 Piece Count: 140 Minifigs: 2 List Price: unknown Well, let me first say that the English name, "Paramedic Unit" is not really a good name for this set. The function of a paramedic is to take a patient from an emergent situation, and deliver them to a hospital for treatment, generally an Emergency Room. This is a rather small "clinic" that I would imagine is more for family care than an Emergency Room. In addition, the car looks more like a doctor/nurse\'s car rather than an Ambulance or Emergency Response Vehicle. I would call this a "Clinic" rather than a Paramedic Unit. In any case, it\'s a great set, esp. for Table Towns that need medical services. What I like is that this set is small enough to place anywhere in your Lego City or Town. Starting with the instructions: Like all the classic town sets, alternate models are pictured, although i never tried building one: I like the little medical bus/van. The set includes two minifigs, that include a female Doctore or Nurse, and what I presume is a patient, based on the torsos: I really like the vehicle. It\'s a 4-stud wide two seater: The colors work well and I like the use of the white bar between the seats (and the 1x1 blue plates for lights). Unfortunately, the emblems are stickers. Here\'s a shot of the neat little "Clinic": I like the use of the blinds for the exam room. It shows that Lego considered patient privacy when making this set. The interior includes an exam room, desk, and two blue swivel chairs: And a neat little eye chart: Although the letters L E G O would have made a nice touch. Lastly, a picture of the complete set: I must admit that I remember buying this set back in the 80s and I regreted it after taking it home. I\'m not sure what I didn\'t like about it (perhaps the "girl" back then), but now I really think it\'s a neat set. Well, there\'s a line of patients waiting to have their eyes checked... Comments welcome.'], [0, 'Thanks a lot for the review, Brickster! I never had the chance to get some classic town sets, but I wish I couldve! I just wonder why Lego cant release sets like this anymore....'], [0, 'thanks! I own this set...! It was a good time as TLG released a lot of little buildings. (just look through the 63xx-setnumbers)'], [1, 'Paramedic Unit, does not seem to suit well for this set\'s name. It should be named as Clinic, Outpatient Treatment, Family Doctor and etc. From what I understand, Parmedic unit, is a stand-alone unit, that is on standby, 24/7, ready for any emergency rescue in LEGO Town. Ambulance, with a group of paramedics will be ideal for this kind of situation. I love female doctors, especially with that lovely hairpiece! The cruiser, is a neat 4-studs wide design. Just love these small car designs back then. I wonder what can be used at the back of its boot. The clinic is neat. Maybe, we can send Holodoc for some medical audit, to make sure that this clinic is up to standard. What surprised me the most, is the neat little eye chart. You don\'t see such details in any regular LEGO set. The red and white color combination for the building, works well for me. Most of the hospital buildings and vehicles, always revolved in red and white. I gave this a "4" Thanks you so much, Brickster!'], [0, "I just can't believe someone would rate this set a 1. It appears to be a trend among these classic reviews, never with a comment of why."], [0, 'TheBrickster, on Jul 19 2008, 02:30 AM, said: I just can\'t believe someone would rate this set a 1. It appears to be a trend among these classic reviews, never with a comment of why. maybe a TFOL... it is our "destiny" to show them that LEGO existed before 1997 and was -IMHO- way better than today. we need more classic reviews. I hope I can continue with technic sets.'], [0, 'people giving this "1"? g... i\'d give it a "4". i\'d give it a "3" but added a point out of nostalgia... i think it\'s a nice town set from the old days. the only problem i always had is the lack of an ambulance... AND we got a female doctor! :-)'], [1, "Brickster strikes again with another awesome review! Ah, one of the few hospital related kits lego made. Wasn't this the first hospital with modern minifigs? (because I seem to remember seeing an even older hospital online that had the armless, faceless figs). Regardless, this would be great as a little doctor's office in someone's town layout - although the vehicle is a little silly. And that eye chart sticker has to be the coolest decal EVER. Quote maybe a TFOL... Well, it sure isn't me. I personally love older kits, even though I'm only a teen. I like a lot of the newer sets a bit more than some of the classic stuff, but I have always agreed that the 70's and 80's were an extremely high point in lego's time (even though I don't really own any kits from the period) Edited by Grevious, 19 July 2008 - 05:05 PM."], [0, "Grevious, on Jul 19 2008, 10:04 AM, said: Wasn't this the first hospital with modern minifigs? (because I seem to remember seeing an even older hospital online that had the armless, faceless figs). You're correct. This was the first: Hospital 555"], [1, "Gave it a 4. it's not exactly town plan, but it's above average."], [1, 'Thank you for all these reviews, TheBrickster! And: The idea with the polls is a very nice and interesting idea. (It will only take a while until I will have commented on all - so please give me some time. ) I gave this set a four: The vehicle, the minfigs and the design of the house are excellent - only the interior could be a bit spiced up (telephone, some other equipment). Klaus-Dieter'], [0, 'WhiteFang, on Jul 18 2008, 09:11 PM, said: Paramedic Unit, does not seem to suit well for this set\'s name. It should be named as Clinic, Outpatient Treatment, Family Doctor and etc. The definition of a paramedic is "...someone who assists physicians in providing medical care..." I think in more modern times a paramedic is generally thought of as a more qualified and experienced ambulance technician but the dictionary definition would seem to fit with the Lego model quite well. Cheers Rog'], [0, 'rriggs, on Jul 20 2008, 10:58 PM, said: The definition of a paramedic is "...someone who assists physicians in providing medical care..." I think in more modern times a paramedic is generally thought of as a more qualified and experienced ambulance technician but the dictionary definition would seem to fit with the Lego model quite well. rriggs, thanks for clearing it up. Actually, I did not check it with the dictionary. Thanks for giving a clear definition for "paramedic".'], [1, 'I like this set, like most i view it more as a clinic, it sits nicely in my town plan. These old sets are all very cool'], [0, 'Wow! Old thread. Just for the record, so long as it is here. Paramedic\'s are advanced Ambulance technicians. Unlike standard EMT\'s they are trained for Advanced Cardiac Life Support. They can push drugs, defibrillate, place a breathing tube etc. in the 1980\'s when the set was made, it was quite common for Paramedics to respond to calls in "fly cars" or special response units. They would join up with Ambulances at the scenes that required their skills. If you ever watched the old American TV show "Emergency", Johnny Gage And Squad 51 were one of these response units. They were mostly phased out in the 90\'s in favor of simply putting the Paramedics and ALS gear in the ambulances.'], [0, 'Hello all Eurobricks members and Town Lovers, Today, I will be doing up a review on Hook & Haul Wrecker. This name is quite wierd to me. I will prefer to call it the regular tow truck. This is one of the service and repair vehicle that are always ready 24/7 on stand-by for any emergency towing in our towns. Name: Hook & Haul Wrecker Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1989 Pieces: 44 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD$6.00 An image of a 6660, Hook & Haul Wrecker Let the towing begins Hook & Haul Wrecker is the typical 4-studs wide vehicle that takes care of broken vehicles that is left stranded on the roads. This tow truck is pretty useful. As you can see, current City sets hardly have any tow trucks available to tow new cars design. This tow truck is catered for 4-studs vehicles for Classic Town. Can you imagine yourself this truck towing a Speed Racer car? I think it looks really out of proportion. In addition, the mini-fig which is included in this set has the regular truck print on its torso. I am very sure they must be a fan club for "Trucks". Otherwise, they should really need a change of clothes. Nevertheless, in my honest opnion. I really love this torso very much. Somehow, it makes them look tough even though their face looks very friendly. Side View This vehicle has a combination of two primary colors which is white and red. This color combination looks very good. You cannot mistook it for an ambulance since they made use of this two colors too, in most Emergency vehicles. This is my guess, I supposed the designer will have tow truck concept as a form of emergency and considered red and white as its combinations. This vehicle set-up has the typical sun-screen on the top of the vehicle frame. However, this baby has more unique features installed in it. These are the source of its brutal strength All-Terrain Vehicle??? This tow truck equipped with the best wheels. In fact, these wheels offer suspension on the roads. Even when its travelling uphill, the truck will move accordingly with its tyres. When you act pressure on the top of the vehicle, it will either be shifted leftwards or rightwards. Close-up of these unique tyres Take a careful look. These wheels have springs installed in it. That is the magic of these vehicle and is defintely suited to run on any rough roads with least problems. If any EB Members know which other vehicles has this unique features, please highlight it to me. Because, if I remembered correctly. I only remember seeing this pair of tyres in this great set. He is ready for some serious towing. The driver had finished hook up the pizza van on its back. It\'s pretty simple. You just have to lift the back of the vehicle and placed it onto the hook. Presto, the van is ready to go. This vehicle provides so much fun. You can really tow any 4-studs vehicle in your town. And, here we go! To the service station. Poor pizza guy. Summary review Playability: 10/10 (Superb fun. You will love to use this truck and tow any vehicles) Design: 9.5/10 (Excellent design. Especially with the use of the suspension tyres) Price: 9/10 (An inexpensive set based on the 1989 pricing. This set is made up of less than 100 pieces) Overall: 9.5/10 (Every Town must need a tow truck. If a vehicle breaks down, whom will be ready to tow?) I gave it a "5" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf(When moderated)'], [0, 'Cool review! I\'ve always loved these "hard" looking tyres, i never understood why they don\'t make them anymore. They looked way more off-roadish.'], [1, "This is one of my favorite town vehicles from the old time, and for one specific reason: The truck is on the guys shirt! It didn't matter that the color was wrong, or the hook was missing. I thought it was awesome beyond imagination... for some reason Thanks for the review Whitefang."], [1, 'i rate this a 5! one of my last sets before my dark age. suspension wheels are superb and are rare! the minifig, although smiling, really looks tough because of the tanktop. oh did i say im giving it a 5?'], [1, '4 stars. the suspension wheel holder totally rocks. yeah. though the Slope Brick 45 2x3 x 1 1/3 Double disappoints me a little. btw: the 6350 Pizza To Go Van looks soooo cute! thanks for the review! (and keeeeep them coming...!)'], [1, "I remember building this set back in the day Good set, I'll give it a 4."], [0, "Thanks for all of your encouraging comments! I am glad most of you love to view our classic reviews. Do stay out for more upcoming exciting classic town reviews! I appericiate greatly by all of your words. There are many outstanding reviews from Brickster as well, especially those classic vintage LEGO sets, that I had never seen before, except browsing it in Brickset. Therefore, I will encourage EB Members, to take some time off to view these truly wonderful classic reviews. Trust me, it shall be an eye opening experience for each and everyone of you, whom had never seen Classic Town, in such an up close personal experience before. Lasse D, on Jul 19 2008, 12:22 AM, said: This is one of my favorite town vehicles from the old time, and for one specific reason: The truck is on the guys shirt! It didn't matter that the color was wrong, or the hook was missing. I thought it was awesome beyond imagination... for some reason The torso is just lovely! I felt the 6641, 4 Wheelin Truck is almost identical with the torso, except for the front color combination. Click onto the picture for an instant review. BerndDasBrot, on Jul 19 2008, 02:47 AM, said: btw: the 6350 Pizza To Go Van looks soooo cute! Yes, that cute pizza van appeared for a reason."], [1, "Another great review, Whitefang. This is a wonderful 80's vehicle - and I think it might be one of the first - if not THE first - that had the spring suspension system. I know of at least one other set that had that: the biggest Extreme Team set from 1998 had a vehicle with those pieces. Quote This tow truck is pretty useful. As you can see, current City sets hardly have any tow trucks available to tow new cars design. This tow truck is catered for 4-studs vehicles for Classic Town. Can you imagine yourself this truck towing a Speed Racer car? I think it looks really out of proportion. Firstly, Speed Racer cars are out of scale even with City vehicles. Also, I have hope that in the next few years we will get more Octan sets to go with the wonderful gas station - and I suspect that a 6-wide tow truck will be at the top of the list. It wouldn't be a hard set to make, and I bet it would sell well. Edited by Grevious, 19 July 2008 - 05:31 PM."], [0, 'Oh! Never seen that set before! Fun and strange that wheel supension system. Has it ever been used in any other sets?'], [0, "Indeed they have; they've appeared in 15 different sets, in total. They also have an identical width with the wide 2x2 wheels holder which is used on cars today. They are still excellent today, since retrofitting these suspension parts onto today's off-roader trucks won't give them weird proportions or any problems, and it looks perfect. Plus they are useful if you're lazy and don't feel like constructing the pin-suspension used in the early 90's for truck-trailers, altough stability probably will suffer."], [1, "4/5. I've had this set since I was young. Never understood why a tow truck needed to be an off-roader; maybe it was used to tow the other off-road vehicles. The suspension made the truck too tall to tow some cars, so I often took the hook out and use the truck as just an great off-road truck like 6672 (which also had the suspension wheels). Other tow truck sets better filled their roles better, but that doesn't diminish this set at all. WhiteFang, on Jul 18 2008, 09:19 AM, said: I think it looks really out of proportion. No, for 25-odd years this vehicle was perfectly proportioned with all others in the town/city line. It's all these new 6 and 8 and 20 wide vehicles that are ignoring convention and making it look out of proportion. Granted speed racer sets are more of their own line, but 6660 is smaller than most of the cars produced in the last few years."], [1, "Superb review of a great set!This is one of my favourite classic sets becouse of all these functions(engine,suspension)and it's great design with less than 100 pieces used( only 52 )!Congratulations for the review!I think that it's an outstanding set and surely worth 5 stars"], [1, 'Cheers for taking the time to put together this review, Whitefang. Considering the year of release of this set, I love it. Would still fit in nicely in any city.'], [0, "Three cheers to Classic Town trucks! It felt nostalgic to see this appearing at the surface after seven years. Time really flies and may Classic Town continue to be close in fellow townies' hearts."], [1, 'U took me long way back in memory. Thank you as it was A great memories with Legos Edited by VintageLegoEra, 04 August 2015 - 07:04 PM.'], [0, 'How would this one look compared to the new GV Pickup Tow Truck? I would like to see that one tow this one.'], [1, 'Exxon Gas Station Set #: 6375 Year Released: 1980 Piece Count: 254 Minifigs: 3 List Price: approx. $20 One of the gems of my sets from 1980 has to be the Exxon Gas Station. It has very nice colors, lots of great details, and a high level of playability. Starting with the instructions: The backside with a great picture of the complete set: The set includes three minifigs including two gas station attendants and my favorite, the Urban Cowboy: One of the best things about this set is that it includes not one, but two very detailed 4-stud wide vehicles. Here\'s a picture of the red one which is a two-seater: The car has two working doors, a hood that opens, and a little holed brick on the other side for pretending to "fill \'er up". Here\'s another image at an angle: Isn\'t she a nice set of wheels! Here\'s the yellow car. I always liked this one better, perhaps it was the color with the black pieces in the back, although it is a one-seater: The set includes four fuel pumps that are numbered (with decals) and included a string as the hose: Here\'s a little accessory rack for oil and tools: And another rack for tires: The set had a nice Exxon logo on three 1x6 bricks: A large jack allows the cars to be lifted high into the air for tire and under engine repairs: I love the office with its large 5x6 window. Inside is a chair and desk. And the entire set: Happy Motoring in Legoland!'], [1, 'Cool set I really loved the classic town sets. This set has lots of detail, great reveiw. Do you know what is Exxon?'], [1, "Skipper 24, on Jul 19 2008, 07:25 AM, said: Cool set I really loved the classic town sets. This set has lots of detail, great reveiw. Do you know what is Exxon? Thanks Skipper. Exxon is a big fuel company here in the US. There's a lot of Exxon gas stations throughout the country."], [0, "Nice it's like an alternative to the Shell petrol company sets we had over here in the UK. (or did you have them to?) Edited by Skipper 24, 19 July 2008 - 04:21 PM."], [-1, "i think we only got Shell stations in europe in the 80s... Never got this one, but it looks like a typical Lego gas station ... once again, i just don't know how you were able to keep stickers and prints in such a great condition! i am sooooo jealous! the tires of the cars are a problem though... it was difficult and painful to put them off the wheel and back on later... the black hat... g... i would have looooooved to have that when i was a boy..."], [0, "I much prefer the Shell version of that station which had the full awning over the roadway, and the special road plate with the extra lane to pull into to fill 'er up..."], [-1, "Skipper 24, on Jul 19 2008, 08:20 AM, said: Nice it's like an alternative to the Shell petrol company sets we had over here in the UK. (or did you have them to?) We have Shell as well. snefroe, on Jul 19 2008, 08:23 AM, said: once again, i just don't know how you were able to keep stickers and prints in such a great condition! i am sooooo jealous! Thanks, but these stickers are in pretty bad shape (esp. those on the fuel pumps). The tires were hard to remove. In regard to the cowboy hat, I think my avatar is still wearing it. welcomestranger, on Jul 19 2008, 08:24 AM, said: I much prefer the Shell version of that station which had the full awning over the roadway, and the special road plate with the extra lane to pull into to fill 'er up... I have another gas station, but I think it's an Octan."], [1, "Great review of a classic set. Man, this is sure a wondeful kit, even today. The level of detail is astounding for the time, and the whole kit is really cute. You know, I honestly don't get why some people have complained about the CITY gas station's figure count - the majority of lego gas stations had no more than three figures - including this one and the wonderful Gas and Wash Express (which I actually own!). I also don't get why people complain about the stickers so much - because even older kits often had a lot. Personally, I think stickers are okay, because printed pieces can't be used in as many places if the stickers are really specialized."], [1, "I love this set, it's nice and simple. Maybe it's because I build this set by myself by ordering all parts and buildinginstruction. And I made one extra tanktransporter :"], [1, "Excellent review, it's nice to see review of old sets that I don't own I hope to see many more. Was this released under the Esso name int the UK?"], [1, 'Thanks for the fantastic review of the Esso Petrol( ) station! I like this set, a nice contrast to the shell ones, it adds a bit of variety to a Lego town. The cowboy hat is a nice addition too.'], [1, "Panda9001100, on Jul 19 2008, 10:19 AM, said: I love this set, it's nice and simple. Maybe it's because I build this set by myself by ordering all parts and buildinginstruction. And I made one extra tanktransporter : Excellent tankers Panda. These make great additions to the station."], [1, "Brickster You need your own sticky review section, I love looking at all of these old sets, As I have said before you take me back to a much simpler time. Thank You And on to the set. I love this gas station Lego really needs to look to it's past on some of these sets for the time the level of detail is great. I wish I still had this one in one piece as well."], [1, 'Brickster, once again, this is another excellent Gas Station, awaiting to be in the limelight! I don\'t understand why I always loved these Classic Gas station such as Shell, Exxon and Octan. They just look so lovely. No City or Town could ever survive without these important key installations around, to pump gas/petroleum for all vehicles, that depend it for fuel consumption. As always, all Gas Station will always inculde a road plate, and I am glad I am still seeing roads included in such sets, such as the recent 7993, Service Station. However, Town Plan\'s Gas Station, did not include a baseplate though. Nevertheless, let me continue with this review. 3 Lovely mini-figs, included in this set. It\'s not common to see Exxon torsos these days. I just love that lady staff very much, especially with its classic hairdo. 4-studs car just simply rocks, with such fabulous simple design. Furthermore, it gave you 2 cars instead of one. What more can you ask? You don\'t see TLG giving more cars in recent sets these days. What surprise me about this cars, is the ability of opening the front engine column. I remembered vividly that only trucks or massive vehicles, does have this playing feature. Nevertheless, it\'s an excellent addition. For a 1980 Gas Station set, this is a perfect set, even when it\'s going to fit into my current Town buildings. I am sure, it won\'t have a hard time to match with the rest of the facade. I can use this gas station and stationed it near the country side. This set is so hard to resist, with such elegant design of its fuel pump. There are a total of 4 pumping stations. The vehicles won\'t be fighting against each other, for slots then. The reparing area is very nice, it will be even better if it include a shelter on top of it. The office is simple and nice. I had never expect an office to exist in Gas Station. Most of the time, there are groceries stores, for the consumers to get off, buy off some stores and load it in the car. No major complains from me. I am not trying to be selection bias. I had demostrated key points which is good enough to justify my score. And, I gave it a "5". Outstanding Classic Gas Station set.'], [0, "Again great topic/poll, TheBrickster! I gave this set a 3: Which is on the one hand negative is that it's really old-fashioned for today . Which is on the other hand positive is that it includes very nice and authentic details (like e. g. doors in the cars ) which is imo for that time a feat . Klaus-Dieter"], [1, "Okay guys, I have built the set! So let's review! Set Name: 7649 MT-201 Ultra Drill Walker Price: $69.99 Pieces: 759 Bought from: Tor R Us in Michigan, US. The Box: First we have the front. It shows the Set, it's functuns, and the Limited edition sign. The box is huge, about the size of the Dino Attack chopper set or the Mars Mission Base. Nowadays, most set that are $50.00 or more have a flap displaying the sets functions. Opening theflap on this box Reveals a GIGANTIC picture of the set. And the back. The bags, numbered: Next, the manuals. They have piece call outs, page numbers, etc. There are 2 manuals with this set. Sticker Sheets: They actually aren't all that bad. Random Manual image: Build: First, we open bag 1. This will build the Alien Craft and the minifigures. Now here we have some interesting parts. A green spine from Exo-force, and a black rim for the set Container Stacker. Next we start the build on the alien craft. It is pretty sturbdy, but has no cockpit for the alien. The alien stickers are really cool. They are rainbow-ish, and has a silver back. Next come the build on the wings: And the finished craft. It is pretty good, and has a nice sleek design. However, I think I will use the large ship for the commander out this year to fight the driller instead. Next is bag 2, which builds the rover and Astro Ship. First is the Ship. It starts off with Doctor Inferno's colors. It builds up very nice, and the detail is absolutley amazing. Next the roof is built. It has some speed racer slopes. The hinge piee now has a hole through it. Sorry for the blurry pic: More is added: Then comes the bottom piece. The detail is very nice, and the hinge piece has a use later on. Then you build the crates. Each one holds two crystals. Added to the ship, also a pic of the finished ship. Here we start the rover. It sports anice detail- The orange studs get coveded by the grill to look more like an engine. The detail in this thing is pretty good. It has a gun and shovel. Here is how it fits into the ship: It slides in... And is secured thanks to the hinge. Okay, so next we open the number 3 bag, which builds the body. Here are some interesting pieces: Then we start the build. It begins nice and study: I just love these stickers with the bulldogs on them: More of the build, with the stickers added: Next we add in the front part. The detail is again, outstanding. With the turntable added. It can move down as well. The next step is to build the water tank. It utilizes the bionicle boosters(big white things) And added to the walker: Then we build that drill. It uses a lot of rims and such. With the gears added: The front part uses a lot of those new droideka 3-prong things. And bionicle eyes. The drill can spin thanks to the gears. And added to the vehical: Next is the cockpit. It has a nice space for the Astro's bckpack. Added: The final stage is the legs. Thank god they aren't like Striking venoms. They are all the same, however. See those two rubber parts? Those keep it in place when on surfaces like glass. Next come the large part of the legs. These are similar to the Assault Tiger's legs. The final result is very sturdy, thanks too... Notice the amazing classic space sticker? So we finally come down to this: The final result is amazing. It is sturdy, and has great detail. It is very realistic. And, when the ship is removed, the drill goes down, and the turret is aimed up... Hope you all enjoyed the review!"], [1, "I can't wait. The set looks really good, I don't know why but I think it looks a bit like the Star wars AT-TE. Edited by Skipper 24, 19 July 2008 - 04:22 PM."], [1, "I can't wait, that thing looks amazing. Also, the new LEGO Idol episode I told you about a few weeks ago is up. Edited by Cyclone Titan, 19 July 2008 - 06:02 PM."], [0, "Thanks guys! The review wonb't be until tommorow, but to hold you guys in suspense..."], [1, "Can't wait, ~VBBN~. I probably won't buy it, but it'll be nice to see a review. Well, the awesome Mars Mission set was matched with an awesome review! Good job ! Edited by Adam, 21 July 2008 - 02:25 AM."], [1, 'Best Mars Mission set ever deserves a great review. :D'], [1, "Skipper 24, on Jul 20 2008, 04:21 AM, said: I don't know why but I think it looks a bit like the Star wars AT-TE. Could it be that it's really big (mini-fig scaled) and walks on 4 legs? Anyway, I don't normally like it when people make a topic to say they'll review a set soon, but I'll let you off since this is one of the few Mars Mission sets I really like, and I'm glad to know somebody has the set and will be reviewing it. ~Peace"], [1, "Wow! This is a great MM set! And I wouldn't say that, but wow! This looks awesome. It's not the theme I really want, but if I get this set by accident ( ) I won't mind! Hope to see your review soon."], [1, 'Excellent I can’t wait to see the review, this set looks very interesting.'], [1, "iamded, on Jul 20 2008, 12:36 AM, said: Anyway, I don't normally like it when people make a topic to say they'll review a set soon, but I'll let you off since this is one of the few Mars Mission sets I really like, and I'm glad to know somebody has the set and will be reviewing it. ~Peace This practice annoys me as well - especially since I built this set last night and considered making it my first review until I saw this thread. I don't want to step on any toes, so I'll let the original poster go ahead with the full review. In short, to tide everyone over, this set is fantastic. I really like the alien ship, and the main drilling unit/break away ship is an awesome unit with tons of play value. Highly recommended! Edited by ClubNinja, 20 July 2008 - 03:41 PM."], [0, 'Anyone know the US release date?'], [0, "Algernon, on Jul 20 2008, 11:54 AM, said: Anyone know the US release date? I live in the US. Basicly that means, It's released, as far as I know.. Anyway THE REVIEW IS UP!! SEE THE FIRST POST! Thanks! As for me, I'm off to buil the agent's mobile command center. Edited by ~VBBN~, 20 July 2008 - 05:17 PM."], [1, "Wonderful review. I'd die if I had to upload that many pictures... Man, this is it: the pinacle of Mars Mission's second and final year. Man, this baby is flawless. There are so many indications that the designers took care in designing this kit - like the space for the pilot's backpack, the compartment for the mini flier, the sturdy leg design - etc etc etc. Kudos to TLC for making Mars Mission go out with a bang. I have high hopes that whereever the space theme goes next year, TLC will make it worth the wait. Edited by Grevious, 20 July 2008 - 05:43 PM."], [1, "Is it seriously? This set was a must-buy for me in the first place, but now that I see it in so much detail, it's just perfect... even the alien ship is better than usual. I love the scooter that flies out of the escape pod, the backpacks, bulldog stickers, and water tank. :D I'll be getting this one! SPACE FANS UNITE!"], [1, "Nice review! I really want this set, but I love most Mars Mission sets so it shouldn't be a surprise! It's great to see a good driller at last. iamded, on Jul 20 2008, 02:36 PM, said: Anyway, I don't normally like it when people make a topic to say they'll review a set soon, but I'll let you off since this is one of the few Mars Mission sets I really like, and I'm glad to know somebody has the set and will be reviewing it. ~Peace I feel the same way... we have been considering closing topics like this. In ~VBBN~'s defense, he was fast."], [1, "OK, minus ten for the placeholder, but plus about ten million for the review. This set is just amazing. It's really earned it's colors, and I'm sure no Classic Space fan can complain, even Snefroe . I didn't know it had the tilting function for the drill- S@H is so pathetic with its pictures, and they really missed this amazing function. The detachable ship is so cute, it's almost Classic Space in it's design. Major thumbs up to TLC. Hell, make it a hug, even."], [0, 'This review should be put on the front page!'], [0, 'Algernon, on Jul 21 2008, 01:36 PM, said: This review should be put on the front page! I agree. I told him that if nothing more exciting turned up I would... and thus I have.'], [1, "Excellent review, it's a great set, I really love the look of the little ship. Would it be possible to get some walking pictures of the walker?"], [1, 'Wooha! I thought I never would see a nice Mars Mission set, but this Walker ist the best proof I was wrong. It really looks good and I love the bricks used to make the shape. The airtank is cool and for once I have to say even the stickers are looking good. Man, did I really say that? Normally I hate stickers. Nice review (some pictures would have gotten better with macro ON, but as it seems to be time to forgive I won´t point on that any longer) Thank you very much VBBN!'], [1, 'Holy Brick! I just love the water tank and those legs are soooo cool! I dont think I have enough cash to buy after the star wars release...yikes...! Thanks VBBN,for a super review!'], [1, "Grevious, on Jul 20 2008, 12:43 PM, said: Wonderful review. I'd die if I had to upload that many pictures... Man, this is it: the pinacle of Mars Mission's second and final year. Man, this baby is flawless. There are so many indications that the designers took care in designing this kit - like the space for the pilot's backpack, the compartment for the mini flier, the sturdy leg design - etc etc etc. Kudos to TLC for making Mars Mission go out with a bang. I have high hopes that whereever the space theme goes next year, TLC will make it worth the wait. Thanks! And yes, it took me half an hour just to resize them, and an hour to upload them to brickshelf. Algernon, on Jul 20 2008, 01:09 PM, said: Is it seriously? This set was a must-buy for me in the first place, but now that I see it in so much detail, it's just perfect... even the alien ship is better than usual. I love the scooter that flies out of the escape pod, the backpacks, bulldog stickers, and water tank. :D I'll be getting this one! SPACE FANS UNITE! Ah, very good! And the detail is truley a part in this set. The water tank is actualy pretty nice. Sinner, on Jul 20 2008, 07:29 PM, said: Nice review! I really want this set, but I love most Mars Mission sets so it shouldn't be a surprise! It's great to see a good driller at last. I feel the same way... we have been considering closing topics like this. In ~VBBN~'s defense, he was fast. Thanks! Mr. Mandalorian, on Jul 20 2008, 08:17 PM, said: OK, minus ten for the placeholder, but plus about ten million for the review. This set is just amazing. It's really earned it's colors, and I'm sure no Classic Space fan can complain, even Snefroe . I didn't know it had the tilting function for the drill- S@H is so pathetic with its pictures, and they really missed this amazing function. The detachable ship is so cute, it's almost Classic Space in it's design. Major thumbs up to TLC. Hell, make it a hug, even. Lol, thanks. I just wanted to claim my place for the review. However from the looks of it, only me and another member have this set. Sinner, on Jul 21 2008, 02:52 AM, said: I agree. I told him that if nothing more exciting turned up I would... and thus I have. Thanks! Cardinal Brick, on Jul 21 2008, 02:55 AM, said: Excellent review, it's a great set, I really love the look of the little ship. Would it be possible to get some walking pictures of the walker? Thanks! And sure. I shall have them up tonight. Holodoc, on Jul 21 2008, 03:08 AM, said: Wooha! I thought I never would see a nice Mars Mission set, but this Walker ist the best proof I was wrong. It really looks good and I love the bricks used to make the shape. The airtank is cool and for once I have to say even the stickers are looking good. Man, did I really say that? Normally I hate stickers. Nice review (some pictures would have gotten better with macro ON, but as it seems to be time to forgive I won´t point on that any longer) Thank you very much VBBN! Thanks! And I keep forgetting to put on Macro... I really need to. GloriusShadow, on Jul 21 2008, 05:48 AM, said: Holy Brick! I just love the water tank and those legs are soooo cool! I dont think I have enough cash to buy after the star wars release...yikes...! Thanks VBBN,for a super review! Welcome! Few things: Build Time: 3.0 Hours And my favorite stickers of the set..."], [-1, "Nice review! I don't mind the set, but, at the same time, I'm not particularly fond of it."], [1, "I don't like Mars Mission sets but this one is just SPECTACULAR! It is beautiful! I must have this set, even if it means selling my kidney! I only have one Mars Mission set, the ETX Alien Mothership Assault, which is okay. But this set blows my mind! Two thumbs up!"], [1, "Looks like a great set, i may consider making this the first mars mission set i buy. Nice review also. But Quote Lol, thanks. I just wanted to claim my place for the review. Personally i don't think you had a place to claim. Somebody else could have also gotten this set and had a proper review ready before yours but felt it was wrong to post because you had posted a placeholder ( ClubNinja in this case). I think placeholders should be banned and if you are not ready to post a full review you should not post anything. Simple really. Either that or what is the policy on here regarding more than one review of a set being posted - then you could have both posted reviews and it wont really matter i guess. Just my 2 cents worth Thanks for the review though."], [1, 'Today i\'m gonna review the bigger of the 2 castles from the fright knigh theme. I got this one last week at a pretty fair prive at ebay, new and still sealed. I love opening boxes that had been lying arounf for years and being the first to build an old set. Since i know this castle theme is not liked so much by the general public, i\'ll try here and change their minds, cause i really think this is a great set. This time i have to say my pictures turned out pretty amazing, even if i am still using just my cellphone cam, but i\'m really pleased now with the quality. Here we go! Set Nr.: 6097 Name: Night Lord\'s Castle Number of minifigs: 7 Number of pieces: 598 Release Year: 1997 Let\'s start with a few box & instructions pictures: The inside od the box, with a few alternate models: The back, with another possibility how to assemble the 3 main parts: Instructions: Next, the 6 minifigs, starting with the witch on her black dragon: All 5 figures of the fright section: And the poor royal knight: We go on with the set itself, first a general overview (it\'s really high!): On the "first floor" there\'s a trap with which you can drop stones or other things down on unliked guests, the pot comes originally from fabuland i think, i love this thing: In the same floor there is a second trap, if you pull the bar, the door opens: We move on to the tower itself (did i mention it\'s really high?), on the ground level there\'s the place for the witch to do her spells: The wall is a secret door, which reveals a skeleton when turned over: on the next level there is this little thingy, first it only seems like a barrel.... ...but when you pull the two 1x4 tiles on the back, a skull is being revealed, scary, huh : I don\'t really understand what this is for but i assume it\'s a telescope to watch and observate the dragons, i do find that a bit senseless since there haven\'t been telescopes in medieval times (or have there been): The back of the tower with the prison and the room for the treasure chest: The prison opened. It\'s secured with a chain, which i like very much cause you really can lock it with that: Treasure chest: From the highest peak we now go down to the very ground level, at the back of the castle there is another secret wall-door, flanked by two shields: At the back half of the inside there is the throne hall for the Bat Lord, with a nice warm fireplace in the back (this is, where the secret door is placed): The second half is pretty empty, except for these two baskets. i don\'t know exactly what they are for, but i ike the idea for using them as water places for the horses: One thing that might be a bit stupid is that 2 of the 4 side entrances do not have doors, so they are open and a guard would have to stand there the whole day. You can see it in his face he isn\'t very happy with that : That was my last review of the sets i got the last weeks, but i\'m looking forward to make much more in the future. Overall this is a pretty good set, i don\'t know any other one with so much details and playability. The minus point is, as already said, that it is too open on the sides, but that can be solved easily with a bit of modding. Also i must say, this set isn\'t that much juniorized as many might have thought, though the design is a bit unconventional, but exactly that\'s what i like most about it. All in all it gets a 9/10 for me hope you enjoyed the reading and the pictures, can\'t wait to see your response. Edit: Oops, i forgot to put one figure of the fright knight faction on the photo, but it\'s the one in the last picture. Edited by KimT, 10 August 2008 - 01:28 PM.'], [-1, "Nice review, good close-ups and a good, unconventional choice of a set. As for the set itself, it has it's pros and cons in my eyes. I like all the minifigs, but especially the witch. The Fright Knights are probably the closest you can get for an evil human Castle faction. As for the building itself, on the other hand I like the fact that it can be modified, but some of the design choices are just stupid. The holes in the wall, the one huge tower (as opposed to several smaller ones), the huge empty space in the center, and the excessive usage of bright yellow. I guess for a smaller kid the play value is great, it's easily accessible and it looks sturdy enough, but to an AFOL, it's not much else than a source for bricks and figs, in my opinion. Oh, and they did have telescopes in the medieval times (the witch most probably uses it for astrology). And even if they didn't, we're talking about a castle with a dragon and a wicked witch in it, so it's not exactly a good example of accurate history."], [-1, "Sweet review, metalandi! This set always looked a bit too busy for my liking, I guess I just didn't expect to see a set so tall. After seeing your review though, it is growing on me. I like all the play features, and at the very least it's a great parts pack. Two things I'm confused about though. In this pic, is that dragon being used as a swing set? And I don't get why the area where the witch casts her spells on the second floor is green. Green in Castle means grass (or Forestmen... ), and having grass on the second floor of a building is just weird. I understand that it's modular and thus it would make sense if it were placed on the ground, but dark grey would make just as much sense, and would look much better than the green there IMO. Anyway, I'm just fussy. Thanks again for the cool review, will we be seeing any more? ~Peace"], [0, "I love the reviews of older sets that I never had. Also, tiny thing, but you said it has 7 minifigs, but the group shots only include 6. The last guy isn't shown until the very end."], [-1, '@iamded: yes it seems the dragon is used as such in the picture of the alternate model, but i guess bad and evil knights also wanna have some fun sometimes you are right with the green plate on the second floor, it does look a bit disturbing. but that can'], [1, "I thoroughly enjoyed your review Metalandi, thank you especially for taking photos of all the contraptions and detailing exactly how they work. As a member of classic-castle, the census always seemed to be that fright knights were a class 4/10 or 6/10 but as Sandy stated above, it is one of the closest you can get to an evil faction. By today's standards, the contraptions seen here are much much more sophisticated and well thought out and are definitely missing in 2007's King's Castle Siege. I enjoy the design of this castle much more even if the towers are taller simply because the design in the King's Castle Siege left builders with an empty space right in the courtyard without even a base plate! AND it's nearly impossible to get your hands in and play in the enclosed space (why would anyone unless you're simply posing figs, and even that was difficult). This Castle instead, had a variety of trap doors and surprises, so despite the varied colors used here, it's not that hard to realize that the designers for this Castle really took time to think things out and tried to make the Castle enjoyable for the children that will play with it whereas our 2007 Castle was strictly built to give kids the impression of an enormous magnificant Castle with little to nothing inside. It's like comparing beauty (2007) to brains (this castle). Edited by legobear, 20 July 2008 - 01:32 AM."], [0, "metalandi, on Jul 20 2008, 12:23 PM, said: i actually got one set left i would like to review, but i'm off tomorrow to italy until thursday, so i won't be able to do it until then. You won't be off 'till tomorrow. That's still a day away! There's still time! No, but still, I'll be looking forward to the review when you get back! ~Peace"], [1, 'Very nice of a very nice set. The revolving fireplace - I wonder what movie that could possibly be from?'], [1, 'I have this set, and ilike it! 6097 have many usefull parts! Greate Review!'], [0, 'Metalandi, thanks for doing this Fright Knights review, by opening up a MISB set which you have bought recently. I am very sure the feeling is very nice, especially touching the bricks which is preserved for 11 years sealed in bags. I am quite fond of the Fright Knights theme. Unfortunately, this theme was released during my dark age. I never really bought sets from Fright Knights. Instead, I bought plenty of minifigs to build an army. If I could turn back time or find another MISB set with a reasonable price, I am very sure I will get it. My soldiers need a castle to stay in. I will be looking forward to your next review. Keep up the good job'], [1, "I read this review not long after you posted it, but I'm not sure why I didn't comment... If Dragonator is the one to post everytime he sees a dragon related topic, I would be the one to post if I see a Fright Knights topic. Fright Knights is one of my favourite Lego themes, and this review is really good! I got both of the castles in the theme and loved them, and your review presents Basil the Batlord's castle well. I too thought it was a bit weird that there is a green base when it could be grey, but I guess it's a useful piece to use in other things. Fright Knights On!"], [1, 'Ah this brings back memories, i have this set and i loved the playabilaty factor opposing to older castle sets i have! In medieval times there actually were primitive telescopes, you can read about it here. Thanks for this review, great storie, great pics!'], [1, 'Wow, what a cool castle and set in general! I had no idea that this set existed (long dark ages) Thanks to you metalandi for such a great review! The figures look really nice and the set is full of lots of little trinkets , details, traps etc! I have already had a look on ebay for this set. Looks like a great set for parts too. I give the review 4.5/5 evil witches. Cheers ISC'], [1, 'My first post in this topic looks foolish now that I bought this set from Ebay. I just really wanted the minifigs (although I already had the Batlord and the black dragon) and the parts. They will help me greatly in building the Impenetrable Fortress of the Dragonwarriors for my Princess Quest comic. By the end of this week, this set will be in my clutches!'], [1, "Sandy, on Aug 5 2008, 06:21 PM, said: My first post in this topic looks foolish now that I bought this set from Ebay. I just really wanted the minifigs (although I already had the Batlord and the black dragon) and the parts. They will help me greatly in building the Impenetrable Fortress of the Dragonwarriors for my Princess Quest comic. By the end of this week, this set will be in my clutches! Great! Can't wait for the next installment! Good review, the pieces are so shiny and new... All my Space sets aren't shiny... Or new... This is an excellent castle, I got it the day it came out, it has a lot of playability."], [0, 'Well, that the bricks look new comes from that they ARE new. I got this set new and unopened'], [1, 'metalandi, on Aug 6 2008, 01:40 PM, said: Well, that the bricks look new comes from that they ARE new. I got this set new and unopened I know, pretty good deal!'], [1, 'Good review - the photo from above shows off the scale of the castle much better than the box photo. I was one of those who always thought this set looked lame, ever since first seeing it in the catalogue. A couple of my siblings had smaller Bat Lord/Fright Knight sets and enjoyed the accessories and style of the minifigs etc. So last year having not only ended my dark ages, but done so for some of the rest of my family, I got this set off ebay for my sister for Christmas. I of course had to build it to make sure all parts were there before leaving ebay feedback and ending the transaction. First impressions were of how much brick there was to the set, as well as really useful large structural elements. And to be honest, while perhaps a bit childish, there\'s no doubt the style of the minifigs is kinda cute and useful for customs. It was really enjoyable building this set, and the scale is impressive when built, empty spaces notwithstanding (but hey, Lego has always had buildings with no back, etc. - just use your imagination and enjoy the access to playspace offered). The traps etc. are neat and more like the kind of "action features" modern sets come with (I for one am in favour of these, for kids they are fun and I think for builders they give ideas cause they are often done with minimal parts or impact on the set design). Anyways, needless to say my sister loved the set. Indeed she\'s currently rebuilding it for the second time. If I see it as cheap again, I will pick up one for myself. I got the first one at €30 incl postage I believe.'], [1, 'Ahh... I remember how badly I wanted that set when it was new... oh well... Definitely one of the most original castles, if not THE most. I actually liked how the 1st floor was made into a throne room. The tower looks pretty impressive, too. Of course, the castle has a flagrant flaw -- the walls on the sides are open. I also think it lacks in the minifig count, though that is understandable for a castle with a dragon. Quote The Fright Knights are probably the closest you can get for an evil human Castle faction. Totally agreed.'], [1, "Quite the topic bump, but dang, what a cool set, and so tall. This is the kind of sets I had as a kid, but I don't remember this one. I'm jealous.s"], [-1, 'I got a couple of the small sets from this line when it came out. Recently, I acquired several more from Bricklink because I just really love the way they look. This theme really had good intentions, but the execution was flawed. I hope one day Lego returns to a darker tone, but maybe next time it could be more Castlevania inspired. That would really turn some heads! Plus, vampires and gothic aesthetics are really popular now. It will probably have run its course by the time Lego would be able to develop a theme around them, though.'], [1, "Fire Station Set #: 6382 Year Released: 1980/1981 Piece Count: 368 Minifigs: 4 List Price: approx. $20 Lego's third fire station was this little gem, 6382. The set offered new design elements not previously offered in previous sets. What really stands out for me is 1x3 car doors and torsos with printed designs. A decal was used for the large sign on the building and the #1 on the hood of one of the vehicles. I think this was also the first set to offer the sliding garage mechanism, a feature that added a great amount of realism and playability. The set also included two blue doors and the new fire hose with pre-connected faucet/spicket. Getting on to the pictures. I saved the cover of the box for this set but lost the instructions over the years. I was able to download some instructions from the web. Here's a shot of the box cover: And the back of the box: The set includes four figs, three of which are fireman, and a lady who can serve as a dispatcher. As mentioned above, the torsos are printed on: My favorite of the two vehicles included, I love the design of Fire Engine #1: I always loved the fire hoses included in this set. No string to have to tie or freyed ends: Engine #2 is this much larger engine with ladder. I like how it contains an oxygen tank and fire axe: On the other side of the engine are two shutter doors that reveal the hose and ladder controls. These are stickers: The ladder is much wider than previous Lego ladders and extends a good length: I like the baseplate of this set which has the numbers ONE and TWO marking each garage: The building is simple but has a nice design. I love the sliding garage doors: NOTE: Notice the two windows of the 2nd floor. The actual set should have blinds on these windows. I've lost one of the stickered windows, so placed the single blinded window on the 1st floor. Each of the two sides of the garages are the same. Here's a shot of the right side: On the first floor is the dispatch area and a classic blue Space computer: The 2nd floor has a bed and a chair: Here's a shot of the entire backside: And lastly, a shot of the entire station: This set is one of my favorite fire stations that offers a great amount of playability. Hope you enjoyed the review."], [1, "This is a great set and a great review - Thanks for doing these! I remember my brother getting this set (I got the police station 6384 on the same day). Truly classic sets - It's a shame that I don't have them anymore although I do have the two immediate descendants of the sets... Cheers Rog"], [1, "Great review again it's nice to see old sets reviewed. I love the control stickers there's a great level of detail this is really the second best fire station in my opinion."], [1, "Lovely!! I can't stop making comparisons between this fire station and last year's, which is also very well detailed, with great features and awesome playability. The concept design of the second one it's very much like the one reviewed here. This is good as TLG is taking back those great values to make the new excellent sets we all are enjoying by now!"], [1, 'A 5/5. the set is beautiful, both the remake and the original. a classic and a beautiful thing, like DOS. Edited by maiq the liar, 20 July 2008 - 09:45 PM.'], [1, 'I have a slightly different version of this set, and i must say it is great! Boy to these reviews bring back memories, thanks!'], [1, "Great review. I love tis set too, the best firestation ever made by lego. Mainly because the '80s sets are the favourite with me. Only I miss a helicopterplatvorm, well I made a little modification:"], [1, 'I am a proud owner of this set this is one of the best fire stations ever. What amazes me is what the designers made with only 368 pieces. You get a very nice looking building in good size, a good baseplate, 2 cars, 4 minifigs, accessories... and great alternative ideas in the back of the box (like the fire boat or helicopter). This is a great example of Lego design.'], [1, "Thanks everyone for the comments. It's great to see that you enjoy these classic reviews, esp. this set. Panda9001100, on Jul 20 2008, 03:10 PM, said: I made a little modification: Excellent! You've also got some other very nice sets there, like that awesome monorail! You should share a review. rupi, on Jul 20 2008, 04:25 PM, said: I am a proud owner of this set It's great to hear that some of you have this classic fire station. It really is a nice set with great vehicles and accessories. I also think the overall design is excellent."], [1, "I must agree great fire station, I love the fact that in the classic sets you were given a base plate and some other great idea's. I do miss the addition of base plates and alternate building idea's. The only newer set I have seen with any alternate build photo's is the 7239 Fire Engine. I miss back when......."], [0, "Great review of a great set! Sadly, I don't own it. As for the alternate building idea's on the back of every box - yes, I miss that as well! I really miss it!"], [1, 'I´m glad you are reviewing 4-digit sets now, Brickster! TheBrickster, on Jul 20 2008, 07:14 PM, said: This set is one of my favorite fire stations that offers a great amount of playability. This pretty sums it up! The firestation was one of the few sets in my childhood I owned and was NOT classic space! I especially liked the roller doors, this was one of the first sets they came with. In the late 80´s I sold it to my nephew. Darn, I really regret it. When I asked him a couple of years ago if he still owned it (and I could buy it back) he also had made cash out of it. I gave it a "4". There is always room for improvement, like the helipad mentioned. So it can´t be a "5" in my opinion. Take off you rose coloured glasses.'], [0, 'Holodoc, on Jul 21 2008, 07:16 AM, said: I gave it a "4". There is always room for improvement, like the helipad mentioned. So it can´t be a "5" in my opinion. Take off you rose coloured glasses. You\'re a tough reviewer!'], [1, 'no question. this is a "5" one of the best and most influencial town sets ever, imo'], [0, 'I honestly glad i got the latest fire station [Cant remember set number] Its waayyy better I voted 3 its realy not that great but its ok.....'], [0, "TheBrickster, on Jul 21 2008, 03:20 PM, said: You're a tough reviewer! Darth_Legois, on Jul 22 2008, 08:54 AM, said: I voted 3 its realy not that great but its ok..... And you call me a tough reviewer?"], [1, 'Great review, great set. Nice look, great features, very playable.'], [0, "Carrera124, on 05 August 2012 - 07:35 PM, said: Great review, great set. Nice look, great features, very playable. Please don't bump old topics unless you have something substantial to add. For our policy on topic bumping, see the EB FAQ. Thanks."], [0, 'This brings back a lot of memories as I used to have that set when I was a kid..... Great review!'], [1, "Fire Copter 1 This is FC-1, OVER. I'm making my way to Main Street now. The smoke is coming from the Legoland Hotel, OVER. That's a roger. I'm going to shoot the 500 gallon now, OVER... Fire in your Tabletown? No problem. Lego's set 6685 Fire Copter is sure to put it out - classic style. Set #: 6685 Year Released: 1982 Piece Count: 99 Minifigs: 1 List Price: unknown Here's a great fire-themed addition to your classic Legoland display. Starting with the instructions: The set includes one classic fireman with a nicely printed fireman torso: What a great little detailed helicopter. I love the use of the red and yellow colors: The front opens to allow your fireman to quickly climb in: In the back are two round yellow 2x2 bricks for the water supply and a hose connected on each side. Unfortunately, I lost one of the hoses. And the entire set. Isn't she a beauty? 6685 Fire Copter 1 is a great supplement to set 6382 Fire Station released one year earlier. After buying this great little set, I had fun puting out fires all over my Tabletown. Oops, I think I smell one now..."], [0, 'TheBrickster, thank you so much for all these reviews of classic Town sets!! OMFG, this set was released in 1982 and I was born 1 year earlier, hehe :) Nice little heli!'], [1, 'a great small set! i remember this set most of all because of the inverted window screen. loooooved the chopper, but never got it... another "5" please'], [1, 'Good, but I like the heli of set 6571 better: Another "4" from me.'], [-1, "A nice little model with some neat features for it's age plus the all-yime classic fireman as a bonus. However, this design of chopper (the police station around the same time was the same design) I think dated very quickly. While is was good to use the hinged car roof - which was relatively new at the time - together with the inverted screen it was superceded very quickly by designs that stood the test of time far better (for example 6657). Also, I don't think I could everbuy a Lego fire helicopter because it is not something we have in the UK/Eire. Police, Coast Guard, Ambulance, military, etc, etc but no fire helicopters. Not something I would therefore want in my Lego Town. Great review though. Many thanks again for doing these. Cheers Rog"], [0, 'Well its ok but its not great voted 3 Seems the classic town hater has voted a 1 AGAIN!!!! Will the madness ever stop!?!'], [1, 'I vote outstanding because it makes excellent use of the pieces that were available at the time. That cockpit makes excellent use of an inverted windshield.'], [1, 'I owned this set, and I loved it. Great idea to have the reversed windshield.'], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members and Town Lovers, Today, I will be doing up a review on Snorkel Squad, one of the most important and basic vehicle in any Fire Department. Snorkel Squad, in simple english terms, it refers to Fire Engine, fighting fire, always on standby, ready to save the citizens from crisis. Trust me, you will understand why this Snorkel Squad is superb impressive by the end of this review. On a side note, there is only part that is replaced by another color. Can you find the difference? Name: Snorkel Squad Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1987 Pieces: 151 Minifigs: 2 Price: USD$13.50 An image of a 6358, Snorkel Squad Looking smart on their stand-by This snorkel squad is a fanastic fire engine, that is ready to save people from the fires. It\'s primary color "red" is used in all fire emergency department and vehicles. In case of any emergency, this snorkel squad will be activated and arrived at the scene as soon as possible. No time to waste! Personally, this is the best fire engine that I had ever seen. Meet the Fire Fighters It comes with two brave fire fighters. Both of them wear the standard fire fighter outfit that is present in almost all Fire Station sets in Classic Town. The torso is very nice and formal, and looks real impressive onto them. I love the buttons on them. Furthermore, these white helmets are a symbol to the world of Fire Fighting. These are the people whom save lives by risking their own lives in dangerous situations. Water Hose compartment The water hose is a string that is stored in the front. It can be rolled out, and the fire fighters are able to use it without much difficulty. They will just pull out the hose and spray onto the fire. The next picture, shows a much clearer look in its interior. In addition, the fire logo that is on the compartment, is actually printed. Yes, it\'s not a sticker, and that is great news for us! Interesting features These clamps on both sides, is supposed to stablise the fire engine when the ladder is heading upwards. It is a simple mechanism, which illustrate clearly what it does. This feature is recently seen in Construction vehicle such as the Mobile Crane. Of course, it is not a complicated feature. It just made use of three quite common white parts. Swivel Mechanism These swivel mechanism, in my opnion are very fun to play with. These connectors on the front and the back, enable the long fire engine, to make sharp turns on any junctions, arriving at the scene fast enough. This is not a fire engine that only travel straight roads. Try it onto your base plates, and you will be surprised, how well it can turn. Best Playable mechanism in 6358 The driver will be activating the ladder at the back of the vehicle. In order, to adjust the height and making sure that the ladder do not fall short, the tiles on the plates are acting like a stoppage. The ladder are able to rotate 360 degree without much problem, if you removed the driver out of the control panel. It goes up as tall as 30cm! Look at that amazing height. Too bad, I have not constructed my Cafe Corner yet. Otherwise, I can give you a better feel of how amazing this baby can go. I used the old road baseplate as a guide, and roughly it can goes as tall as 30 to 35cm. Look at the black hinges below. By shifting it to the last, that was the maximum height it can move. This is a very good way to adjust the height. Oh, and I forget to mention that there are 2 storage compartments for the fighters to place their equipments behind. Quite easy to access. No doors? Apart from the standard roof top on the driver\'s seat, there is no doors present at both side. I am quite sad to see that there are no doors. Maybe, these fighters are supposed to jump off the seat, instead of opening the doors? Well, I guess this is the only major flaws that I had found in this set. Heading off *Got you* Meet the Model 6358 Fire Engine Summary review Playability: 10/10 (Superb fun. The ladder and swivel mechanism is really very fun to play with.) Design: 9.5/10 (Excellent design. It got an almost full 10. The lack of doors, dropped my ratings slightly.) Price: 8/10 (A very mid range price. I don\'t think it cost very expensive. But, I am not sure how much it cost now.) Overall: 9.2/10 (Best Fire Engine ever, and one of the great looking one too. Get this model now.) I gave it a "5" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated)'], [0, 'thanks for another great review. I can remember the 6358 very vividly. My parents bought the 6340 for me and a girl friend got the 6358. I\'m quiet sure it\'s my envy because until now I want to believe that the 6340 is better. My reasons were these: I own the 6340 (and on the instructions of the 6358 stood "LEGOLAND" which I thought of as old.) But this review induced me to get over this humiliation from my childhood ( ) and check ebay for the 6358. Edited by BerndDasBrot, 21 July 2008 - 04:07 PM.'], [1, "A truly great set. I always loved the mobile crane and was gobsmacked when this popped up using some of the great features from the crane but also making it an emergency vehicle too! Great classic firemen and - in your version - a suspiciously blue fire extinguisher Great review of a great set - Just a pity I no longer have it... So many sets I used to have got lost during the period at the end of my childhood before I rescued what was left from my Dad's house once I realised what I had left behind!! Hindsight is a great thing?? Cheers again Rog"], [0, "A great review, I like this set it captures the classic town feeling well, and the ladder is cool! I can't help but feel thought that these reviews are being churned out to quickly, you should leave a gap, I am being flooded with all these great reviews!"], [1, 'This definitly is a nice set, i think this was also the first set to use that white basket Nice one Whitefang!'], [1, "What an awesome little set! I really like this engine but don't remember seeing it during the late 80s. It must have been out during my Dark Ages. I love the basket/section for the firemen. Equally nice is the fire hose which extends a good length. The color combination of red with white and the trans. blue windshield looks goos as well. This is a great engine and one that would look perfect in a classic tabletown - and it's 4-studs wide! Very nice review WhiteFang. I look forward to seeing more of your Classic Town reviews."], [0, "Guys, thanks for all of your wonderful and encouraging comments, towards this set. This was one of my most favourite set in the late 1980s, and I am glad to restore it somehow, with a small little part missing, which could not be that hard to replace. BerndDasBrot, on Jul 22 2008, 12:06 AM, said: But this review induced me to get over this humiliation from my childhood ( ) and check ebay for the 6358. Bernd, I am glad reviews like these, mananged to change your perception towards this set. Honestly, this is a very good set to pass by, and I hope I had highlight the key features in this set. Hope you will have an easy time, getting it from eBay or Bricklink. rriggs, on Jul 22 2008, 12:31 AM, said: Great classic firemen and - in your version - a suspiciously blue fire extinguisher Good job, by spotting the replacement part, which is hiding among them. That's why I show the orignal image. Lord Of Pies, on Jul 22 2008, 12:34 AM, said: I can't help but feel thought that these reviews are being churned out to quickly, you should leave a gap, I am being flooded with all these great reviews! You should really take some time off, and sit in front of the Town and Trains forum, looking through at your childhood memories, where classic reviews like this are released in this forum. I am leaving some gaps in between my reviews now. I supposed Brickster will slow down soon. Captain green hair, on Jul 22 2008, 02:07 AM, said: This definitly is a nice set, i think this was also the first set to use that white basket CGH, you are absolutely right. This is the first set that made use of the white basket component. In fact, there is only 2 sets in the entire LEGO theme which have make used of the white basket. It is the 6477 which is released in 2000. I am quite surprised after 13 years, they are able to produced it again. TheBrickster, on Jul 22 2008, 10:10 AM, said: What an awesome little set! I really like this engine but don't remember seeing it during the late 80s. It must have been out during my Dark Ages. I love the basket/section for the firemen. Equally nice is the fire hose which extends a good length. The color combination of red with white and the trans. blue windshield looks goos as well. This is a great engine and one that would look perfect in a classic tabletown - and it's 4-studs wide! Very nice review WhiteFang. I look forward to seeing more of your Classic Town reviews. You shared the same sentiments as I do. It's a pity that set was released during the Dark Age of yours. On the other hand, these sets are my childhood sets which I grew up with. More Classic Town reviews, all the way! Edit: This is my 1000th Eurobricks post since I joined! It has been another great milestone for me, in Eurobricks! Edited by WhiteFang, 22 July 2008 - 06:46 AM."], [0, 'Nice reveiw it looks like a great set i think i know what i will do tonight- rebuild my LEGO fire department it has- [Fire pickup truck, fire truck [from 2005 sorry cant remember set number] and the most recent fire station if i can find all the pieces......'], [0, "Nice review, WhiteFang, with lots of photos - exactly as a good review should be! As for the set - I own it and it's a very good one! The Fire Squad vehicle is a nice addition to my other Fire dept. vehicles. It offers very good playability and this ladder is so long! You can have so much fun with it."], [1, "That's a great review/poll, WhiteFang! I gave this set a 5: It's simply ! The only thing which I miss are the respirators for the firemen since they already own air tanks. But otherwise this set is brilliant! I like it much more than the new one from 2007 since it's not that big and juniorized. Klaus-Dieter"], [1, 'Great set. I found only one major fail - this - the hands of robot arms gets easly broken.'], [1, "Thanks for the review. This set was outstanding for its time with all the features and detail. The extending basket is just wonderful. However, I honestly wouldn't consider it the best firetruck ever. I actually like the one from 2005 even better - becasue like most of the City vehicles, it adds the needed bulk big engines like fire trucks need. Many of the older kits, while awesome, were honestly a little too skinny IMO."], [1, 'Guys, thanks for all your great comments! Nikola Bathory, on Jul 22 2008, 06:57 PM, said: It offers very good playability and this ladder is so long! You can have so much fun with it. Yes, the "extended length" of the ladder provides great playability! Klaus-Dieter, on Jul 25 2008, 03:01 AM, said: I like it much more than the new one from 2007 since it\'s not that big and juniorized. Thanks K.D. I owned the 2007 Fire Engine as well, as this set was not restored back then, and I needed a Fire Engine very badly. I managed to restored it somehow, and I compared it with the 2007. The older design is still the best. osakana, on Jul 25 2008, 04:03 AM, said: Great set. I found only one major fail - this - the hands of robot arms gets easly broken. Yes, this is an interesting finding. I remembered when I was a child. That robot arms always come out of its own, when I fiddle with it. I was so annoyed by it and I just kept it there whenever I deployed it for rescue missions. Grevious, on Jul 26 2008, 02:00 AM, said: However, I honestly wouldn\'t consider it the best firetruck ever. I actually like the one from 2005 even better - becasue like most of the City vehicles, it adds the needed bulk big engines like fire trucks need. Many of the older kits, while awesome, were honestly a little too skinny IMO. Grevious, I appericate your honest comments, and given me your insight towards this set, and state a comparison as well. I agreed with you, that Fire Engines need to be big and sturdy. On the other hand, it can be nice to have the fire engine to look slim as well, to cut through the traffic easily. I am not against with the newer sets. It just that, part of the reasons which reflected in the review had fufill the basic key factors of a typical Fire Engine. In addition, it was my all-time favourite under the "Fire-Fighting" theme.'], [0, 'Quote I am not against with the newer sets. It just that, part of the reasons which reflected in the review had fufill the basic key factors of a typical Fire Engine. In addition, it was my all-time favourite under the "Fire-Fighting" theme. Yes, I agree! This set is wonderful even today, and is one of the best fire kits ever release. And actually, realistic scale is not really a necessity in lego - it\'s just my personal taste. For example, I\'ve never liked the tiny planes in the old airports that much, but I can see why a lot of people like them better than the new ones. Edited by Grevious, 28 July 2008 - 03:17 PM.'], [1, 'One of my all time favourite I still love it even after all these years, though it did always seem a bit out of place as when I was a child I’d never seen a similar looking fire appliance in the UK.'], [1, "Edit Bonaparte: Pictures Fixed Sets name : Republic attack gunship We start with the box. The Box show us the gunship, speeder and the Figur The back of the box. Picture of the manuels coming soon Random page New brick The figur The bulding You start with the bottom Then the front Finish with first part Now the second part Second part almost finish Bulding the wings And... ITS FINsH The speeder All togeter the old and new innside of the copit The back innside of ther the clone and the jedi are Its a good sets for the some not get the first one. Its fun to build and have lots of pices. I give it 9 of 10 It''s a good sets for the some not get the first one. Its fun to build and have lots of pieces. I give it 9 of 10 Edited by KimT, 04 August 2008 - 11:53 AM."], [0, 'Hotshot, on Jul 21 2008, 06:15 PM, said: Sets name : Republic attack gunship We start with the front box [img]http://img258.images...eview001pp8.jpg[img] the back [img]http://img186.images...eview002ph8.jpg[img] the stickers [img]http://img186.images...eview003fw2.jpg[img] New pice [img]http://img230.images...eview009nw1.jpg[img] The figur [img]http://img186.images...eview010lo7.jpg[img] First you bulid the lower part [img]http://img126.images...eview012rn7.jpg[img] [img]http://img230.images...eview014yu1.jpg[img] [img]http://img230.images...eview017ii7.jpg[img] [img]http://img258.images...eview021mr4.jpg[img] then the top [img]http://img261.images...eview026hy2.jpg[img] the wing.. [img]http://img360.images...eview027jp5.jpg[img] And its almost finish [img]http://img360.images...eview029sm5.jpg[img] The speeder [img]http://img360.images...eview033mk7.jpg[img] the hol set [img]http://img360.images...eview034bg7.jpg[img] And it was to [img]http://img403.images...eview035ct1.jpg[img] Its a good sets for the some not get the first one. Its fun to build and have lots of pices. I give it 9 of 10 I dont know why the Images havent shown but, Do you mean the New Republic Gunship? I knew I wouldnt be the First...'], [0, 'Joey Lock, on Jul 21 2008, 01:20 PM, said: Do you mean the New Republic Gunship? I knew I wouldnt be the First... What in the world are you talking about? But anyway, if those are meant to be links, they dont work... dp'], [-1, 'where are the pics????'], [0, 'Here you go: EDIT: All Done Edited by Jameseh, 21 July 2008 - 05:41 PM.'], [0, 'Hes is forgeting the slash: [img] [/img]'], [1, 'Where do you come from? England? If so I gotta be getting to my local TRU or Woolworths! EDIT: Wacthing the Pics come through, Looks so complex...Gonna be a Brilliant build! Edited by Joey Lock, 21 July 2008 - 05:39 PM.'], [0, 'oh thanks, im curious to know, did you get an extra set of clone gear, someone said they did.'], [1, 'Thats much better. So far looks like a great set! Thanks a lot for the review1 dp ps. PSPguy, I sense some subtle product placement in your sig.... Edited by darthperson, 21 July 2008 - 05:40 PM.'], [1, 'it looks AMAZING, i cant belive its actually bigger than the first one. id still like an answer to my first question, but my mind is set im going to get two !!'], [1, 'Wow Im really glad this is how the set turned out. I so have to get this for my birthday ( which is in 10 days!)'], [0, 'Natman4000, on Jul 21 2008, 06:46 PM, said: Wow Im really glad this is how the set turned out. I so have to get this for my birthday ( which is in 10 days!) Sad mines on the Release date of the Sets...I wont be able to get them because I will have to many Presents to tend to... I might go out later that day...'], [0, "Use your birthday money wisely young padawan... I'm going out now to get this!"], [0, 'Natman4000, on Jul 21 2008, 09:46 AM, said: Wow Im really glad this is how the set turned out. I so have to get this for my birthday ( which is in 10 days!) lucky my birthday is in like 7 weeks i plan to get the gunship then'], [0, 'darthperson, on Jul 21 2008, 09:39 AM, said: ps. PSPguy, I sense some subtle product placement in your sig.... Why o why would you say that?'], [0, 'This Should Be Front paged!! Edited by yorkiejim, 21 July 2008 - 06:17 PM.'], [0, 'yorkiejim, on Jul 21 2008, 07:07 PM, said: This Should Be Front paiged!! The pictures dont seem big enough and its not much of a Review..No offence. Its small pictures and a Rating, We need criticisms, Improvements and thoughts people! Also you spelt paige wrong, its page'], [0, 'oops, i missed that, guess i just over reacted. Random Spellingg mistaks ON!! Edited by yorkiejim, 21 July 2008 - 06:25 PM.'], [0, 'can i see a close-up from that bacta tank?'], [0, 'SkyOtic, on Jul 21 2008, 07:18 PM, said: can i see a close-up from that bacta tank? Also, Could we see a Close-up of the inside or the Gunship and Cockpit? (Inside meaning the the back view, rooms, compartments...) Thanks'], [0, 'Nice pictures, but three questions: 1. How many pages do the instruction books have? 2. What are the spare parts? Or: Does this Laaty come with two Clone-Commander-equipment sets and four Assaij Ventress lightsaberhilts? 3. Where did you get it? 4. How much did it cost?'], [1, 'It looks like a really good set and like it is a lot larger than the old one. Thanks for the review!'], [0, 'Navy Trooper Fenson, on Jul 21 2008, 07:25 PM, said: Nice pictures, but three questions: 1. How many pages do the instruction books have? 2. What are the spare parts? Or: Does this Laaty come with two Clone-Commander-equipment sets and four Assaij Ventress lightsaberhilts? 3. Where did you get it? 4. How much did it cost? I can answer one! He comes from Norway'], [0, 'I have a question, what is the door above the gun for? (pic)'], [-1, "This sounds very similar to the first one. I'm glad I'm saving this one till later in my purchasing cycle. All the SW walkers have a skeletal fram with almost nothing inside. It's very disappointing, but I guess filling them in would up the piece count considerably. Does this beast have any good handholds for picking it up? I seem to recall a handle or something coming out of the top in the pre-release pics."], [1, "So basically, you cited as faults what everybody had been complaining about since the first information of the set arrived? Skeletal interior and lack of clones? Although I didn't realize it didn't have numbered backs. That really is just ridiculous. LEGO finally comes up with a very intelligent solution to the frustration seen when building large sets, but then they neglect to implement it. WTF? Lame. Still, this may be the only Clone Wars set I buy besides the exclusives. The exterior, which IMO is the only part that matters, looks so fantastic. I don't care about clones, I have enough of those already. And at 90$ it's still a better buy than the RGS. The Torrent is cool but not as cool as the Fighter Tank or DGS imo. Awesome in-construction pics."], [0, "Thanks for the reivew. Could you post a few pics of the AT-TE in all it's glory? KimT"], [1, "Just picked this set up, and just took a break from building to go to Football Practice. I have just finished building all of the legs, and so far it looks like it is going to be a great set. I would have like it if more clones were included, but whatever. I find it interesting how many clone accessories they give you. I don't like it only because I can't decide what I want to use. I find it interesting that at lease 2 people are missing pieces. I have had multiple times where I thought I was missing pieces, only to find that they were in the bag somewhere. Other than the fact that there is a lack of minifigures, I love this set and can't wait to finish it later tonight. Edited by SWMAN, 04 August 2008 - 08:33 PM."], [-1, "I just got this set Sunday, and it's so HUGE that I can't put it anywhere. It is pretty sturdy and heavy, that's where the handle comes in. I'm pissed that you only get 2 clones. Rex has to fight on the ground while you need more clones to man the guns/cockpit. The legs were the most annoying and time consuming part of the build. And yea I agree, that if TLG had made numbered bags, it would have taken only 2 hours rather than 4. Edited by iH Master 13uilder17, 14 October 2008 - 11:38 PM."], [1, "I bought this a few weeks ago and absolutely loved making it. It's amazing how the paneling comes together to make such a tight fit, but can easily open up. The legs could have been a bit more poseable, and the guns don't launch easily unless you push hard and fast. I'd like the firing mechanism to launch more smoothly. But it looks absolutely amazing. About price, it was ¥13,000 where I am, but I'm used to Lego being expensive in Japan, so it was good value."], [1, 'Funny minifig actions there. I do love the AT-TE, a definite buy for walker fans.'], [-1, "Probably my most wanted set(RGS is too much), but this seems a 'lil overpriced, I mean $90 for a skeleton? II'll wait fr it to go on sale(which i doubt it will)"], [0, "KinGanon, on Nov 5 2008, 04:36 AM, said: Probably my most wanted set(RGS is too much), but this seems a 'lil overpriced, I mean $90 for a skeleton? II'll wait fr it to go on sale(which i doubt it will) i think it is currently on sale at $60? check the sales thread."], [0, 'Sorry for reanimating this topic. There is a Technic brick in the mid section of this set. Does anyone know the function of that ??'], [0, 'cagri, on Mar 10 2009, 10:10 AM, said: Sorry for reanimating this topic. There is a Technic brick in the mid section of this set. Does anyone know the function of that ?? Presumably for the handle which we now the use for (LAAT/c)'], [0, "Thank you that was what I guessed :) But I didn't see any detailed pictures of 10195, do we have the instructins or something now? Is that how dropship lifts the walker ?"], [0, 'I dont think we have instuctions yet... But on topic, I have an AT-TE in the mail, on the way, so I should have a review of it in the next week or so. jifel'], [0, 'cagri, on Mar 10 2009, 06:10 PM, said: Sorry for reanimating this topic. There is a Technic brick in the mid section of this set. Does anyone know the function of that ?? Yup. This is the one, right?'], [0, "Exactly Kim, that's what I meant. I pondered and wondered that for a long time :) I decided to ask here when a friend wondered the same thing. I hope it fits with the new droship. It would be really cool. And it's also great that TLG knows what they'll be prodcuing a year later.."], [1, "cagri, on Mar 11 2009, 12:03 AM, said: Exactly Kim, that's what I meant. I pondered and wondered that for a long time :) I decided to ask here when a friend wondered the same thing. I hope it fits with the new droship. It would be really cool. And it's also great that TLG knows what they'll be prodcuing a year later.. It does. The description of the new 10195 Dropship and AT-OT states that the AT-TE can be carried too. They've planned this for quite a while."], [0, 'Yeah, when I built it, I wondered for a long time. I considered many possiblities temporarily, like either TLC had gone crazy or I had missed a page in the instructions.'], [1, "7676: Republic Attack Gunship Number of Pieces: 1034 Number of Minifigs: 5 Price: 119.99 USD Brickset Hey everyone, I just got the RGS yesterday at TRU after I came home from camp. I saw all of the topics that I missed, and noticed a mini-review and a review with one pic, so I thought I'd make a huge, shiny new review that has lots of pictures and all of the requirements of KimT's index. NOTE: I did not apply any stickers to it, as a personal liking. So, lets start by looking at the box: A shiny, clean, and futuristic box, quite different from the other Star Wars box designs before this. There was so much Clone Wars merchandise with this font and design in the huge display at the front of my local Toys r Us store, and not just LEGO. It so beautiful, with the white and sky blue... anyways, for some reason, the boxes of the new Clone Wars sets seemed more shiny than usual. Maybe it's because they were just shipped, but once you pick up the boxes, they will feel really good in your hands, despite the fact that only about half of the space in the boxes are used... The back of the box: The back shows all of the main features of the set, plus pictures of the three other Clone Wars sets meant to be released alongside this one (although I did spot the Twilight and Homing Spider Droid, which were supposed to be released in September or October). So, on to the Gunship: Built straight from the bags. It took me about 4 1/2 hours, with breaks. It has an overall great design, but somewhat fragile, especially when building it. The cockpits always fall apart when opened, as well as the bubbles on the wings (which I will get into more later). The color scheme is very well done. You can always find the piece you're looking for thanks to the color diversity: Red, Dark Red, Lime Green (ooh!), Blue, Black, Tan, Light Bley, Dark Grey, Yellow and White. Also, split down the middle vertically, the ship is almost all symmetrical. Front: Side: Now, lets start with the many features that this set is hiding. The front has lots of lime green, a rare color. But more importantly: ...a rotating gun is found on each side. They rotate in a pretty wide range, although fragile. Cockpits: There are two main cockpits, right next to each other. Not very detailed, and are the same. And for some reason, the whole cockpit element flips up to reveal: ...nothing. Just the skeleton of the ship. Probe droid storage: Above the cockpit lies a plate that can be flipped up to reveal a storage area that holds: Two of these probe droids. At least, that's what I think they are. Hull: In this pic, two features are hidden. Mobile Command Center: The first of the two is a Mobile Command Center, but essentially just a hover chair. It is found by flipping up the two panels on either side of the hull. Bacta Tank: The second is the bacta tank found by just sliding it out of the storage area behind the MCC. One half of the tank opens: ...so a minifigure can go inside and heal his/her wounds obtained in battle. Cargo hold: Now, this is probably the main feature for this set. The two sliding doors (two on each side) slide open thanks to a clever Technic mechanism. Not much in here, just a gun holder and a place where the passengers wait to be dropped off in battle. Speeder Bike: I guess you guys saw it, the speeder bike. It is found by opening the rear flap. The bike is very cleverly designed by using a brown trike body. It's only a few centimeters shorter than the bike found in the Clone Battle Pack. Rear gun: Just a gun similar to the front ones. Engines: Huge engines (or are they cannons?) that are really fun to build. They really give that cartoon feel to this set. Missiles: In between the engines are two sets of four flick-fire missiles. Bubble cockpits: There is one bubble cockpit on each wing that supposedly control the turrets at the front. Very fragile. Storage containers: Two storage containers on each side hold the clone accessories. But, I wouldn't recommend putting them in there, because the antennae can fall out, or you might forget about them. Sticker Sheet: The Dreaded Sticker Sheet (DSS) has all of the stickers you need for this set. Unfortunately, mine was crunched up. I don't like stickers much anyways, but I might still apply some. Note the Republic symbol stickers, why couldn't TLG just use that printed piece from a few years back? Also, you get to choose between a bird-rat thing or a sleeping Twi'elk as your hull decal. What they're for, I don't know, looks like the movie or show will explain it though. Minifigs: Finally, the five minifigs of this set. They are all great figs, including: Commander Cody: Amazing, especially with the gear. The orange is nice, but I thought he was yellow. Clone Trooper: Again, amazing. The gear is great, and the new helmet and torso are great! All of the clones in the Clone Wars line have the same heads. Also, you can see the flesh beneath the helmet. Asaaj Ventress: Not so happy about this one. The torso and dark blue legs are cool, but the dress is pretty ugly. The head is alright, but could do without the cartoon-y face (yeah I know, its from a cartoon). Also has purple markings on back of head. Obi-Wan Kenobi: Pretty cool, besides the face. Cool hair and torso, though. Plo Koon: Beautiful! The true gem of this set, in my opinion. The head is the same material as Kit Fisto's. And the tosro is awesome, good for making a custom Ki-Adi Mundi. Well, that's about it, here is the... FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, very fun and easy, should take the seasoned builder about 4 hours. Somewhat fragile. Playability: 9.5/10, Lots of fun features, although some can break easily. Swooshability: 3/10, I wouldn't recommend flying it around much, as you can barely pick it up safely. But with two hands gripping the bottom firmly, it can be moved around, but not spun or swooshed, etc. Minifigs: 8/10, all very great figs, especially Plo Koon, but could have included more clone troopers. Design: 7.5/10, some excellent ideas included in here, although some spots are very fragile. Price: 7/10: Should have been only 100 USD if not for the new molds. Plus, at TRU, it was 130 USD. Overall score: 8.5/10, a great set to have for your star wars/ clone wars collection, with some flaws. Save up for this one. So, how did you like my review? Your feedback is much appreciated! JimButcher, out. Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 03:06 AM. indexed"], [0, "JimButcher, on Jul 28 2008, 12:20 AM, said: Hey everyone, I just got the RGS yesterday at TRU after I came home from camp. I saw all of the topics that I missed, and noticed a mini-review and a review with one pic, so I thought I'd make a huge, shiny new review that has lots of pictures and all of the requirements of KimT's index. I'm about halfway through building it, so expect the full review tomorrow. Hoope you guys will like it! Mabye you shouldnt reserve threads and actually wait till your done. The threads wont run off I assure you!"], [0, "JimButcher, on Jul 27 2008, 03:20 PM, said: Hey everyone, I just got the RGS yesterday at TRU after I came home from camp. I saw all of the topics that I missed, and noticed a mini-review and a review with one pic, so I thought I'd make a huge, shiny new review that has lots of pictures and all of the requirements of KimT's index. I'm about halfway through building it, so expect the full review tomorrow. Hoope you guys will like it! Yes! Please make one! We need a quality review of it! And don't forget to clear up the mystery of the rear hatch for us!"], [0, "I think I'm doing an overdose of republic gunship reviews. krabs. review RGD31 review Pineapple review Hotshot review Edited by Trudop561, 27 July 2008 - 11:58 PM."], [0, 'Okay, if this were the first review of the set, I\'d understand your want to reserve a thread for your review, but seriously, there are already reviews out there. Couldn\'t you have just waited at least until you had actually built the thing, or even better, until the review was actually done? Sorry if I\'m being to harsh but I\'m quite sick of these "Blablabla Set Review - Will be up soon...". It\'s getting quite annoying. ~Peace'], [0, "Thank you Oky Wan, and apologies to the rest of you guys, I guess I was rushing a bit and didn't think this through, it was wrong of me to reserve a review, if someone does an in-depth review before me, someone please close this topic. Otherwise, I guess I will do it. Again, many apologies for opening this topic before I actually had a review, bad example from me, very sorry!"], [0, "JimButcher, on Jul 28 2008, 12:56 AM, said: Thank you Oky Wan, and apologies to the rest of you guys, I guess I was rushing a bit and didn't think this through, it was wrong of me to reserve a review, if someone does an in-depth review before me, someone please close this topic. Otherwise, I guess I will do it. Again, many apologies for opening this topic before I actually had a review, bad example from me, very sorry! Its ok, Just remember you dont have to reserve them!"], [0, "Can't wait my friend!"], [-1, 'the cockpit piece doesnt hold well when you try to "swing-it-open" most of the time it just pops off'], [0, 'Hey guys, the full review is up, check it out! I guess its a little late, but, WARNING: PICTURE HEAVY.'], [0, 'i wonder if the only way to have a "functioning" open/close cockpit is with super-glue'], [0, 'Good... but you said that you thought that Cody was orange, but he turned out to be orange?'], [0, "Dovchenko, on Jul 29 2008, 01:04 AM, said: Good... but you said that you thought that Cody was orange, but he turned out to be orange? Heh, I caught that too. On Topic: Nice review, JimButcher! Can't wait to get my hands on one! DSR"], [1, 'Very good review, thanks! Lots of useful information about this very cool set!'], [1, "Very good review! I just checked my Ep. II vehicle encyclopedia (YES, I'm a total SW geek) and TLG got it pretty accurately with the RGS."], [1, "I really like the new Gunship. Different enough from the old one to be better, but similar enough that they don't look totally weird together. Really like the new minifigs. Didn't think I would like the new Clone Troopers at all. The accessories are fine. I would never use them on the regular clones, but to each their own."], [1, "SWMAN, on Jul 29 2008, 10:33 PM, said: I really like the new Gunship. Different enough from the old one to be better, but similar enough that they don't look totally weird together. Really like the new minifigs. Didn't think I would like the new Clone Troopers at all. The accessories are fine. I would never use them on the regular clones, but to each their own. everything is perfect except the rear of troop cabin .... seems so flimsy with only 2 2x1 white brick holding everything together ...."], [0, "What's this thing on the clone at right ??"], [0, "Courleciel, on Jul 29 2008, 11:16 PM, said: What's this thing on the clone at right ?? thats the flashlight .... watch the clone wars trailer and ull know .... theres a scene where the clones enter a dark cave with a metal door like jabba's palace in the movies"], [0, 'Ah yeah, sorry ! Of course ! I see. Thanks.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review JimButcher . I really like this new gunship but I can´t own one until like two or three months and this is with all the clone wars sets .'], [0, "Thanks for all the feedback so far, guys! I meant yellow for cody's color."], [1, 'JimButcher, finally I had seen something that is worth reading and viewing. IMHO, this is your best Star Wars Review I had ever read. Most importantly, it is a complete review which has substance. You have my thanks! Keep up the good job Back to the RGS, this is the next Star Wars set I will be getting. I can\'t wait to lay my hands on this set, and start building. Basically, how bad this set can be, it can\'t be worse. Republic Gunship is one of the all-time favourites, in Star Wars Prequel and OT. I can\'t find any faults, except being too expensive due to the licence cost. In addition, the mini-figs are the next big thing. Seriously, I am quite impressed with it. On the down side, my rating will go up if there is an additional Clone Trooper instead of one. Nevertheless, this is a "MUST GET" set, no matter what!'], [1, "WhiteFang, on Jul 29 2008, 12:54 PM, said: JimButcher, finally I had seen something that is worth reading and viewing. IMHO, this is your best Star Wars Review I had ever read. Most importantly, it is a complete review which has substance. You have my thanks! Keep up the good job Wow, that means a ton, WhiteFang! Thanks a bunch! And I agree, you should try to get this one ASAP, you won't regret it. I personally don't think it's overpriced, the new molds give it a higher price, considering 1 old mold ( ) is worth 10 cents."], [0, 'Thanks for the review. i havent seen any other clone flashligh pics, so thanks for that one "Starting tonight, people will die... I\'m a man of my word." jifel'], [1, "Hey everyone, My wife took me to Legoland for my birthday just last week. We had a fantastic time and it gave me the chance to pick up some of the new Castle sets and battlepacks I was really impressed by the sets I bought and decided to do my first review... let battle commence! Set name: Tower Raid Set number: 7037 Price GBP: £19.99 Pieces: 364 The Models Here's a shot of the complete set: The set is made up of two models, the Crown Knight's tower and the Orc's siege tower. Let's start with the Crown Knight's tower: A knight readies himself for battle! My favourite model from the set, the wicked Orc's siege tower: Please note that for the purposes of display I mounted the Orc's banner onto a small cone set on the top platform of the siege tower. This doesn't come with the set but saves any Orcs having to hold onto it all he time! There are other areas it can be placed without using extra parts. Features Both models look great and have excellent features. The set as a whole has great playability and seems to have been concieved with a storyline: the Crown Knight's have a captured Orc within the walls of their tower so the Orc army has been sent out to recover him... or are they merely after the gold the knights keep horded away?! The Orc's siege tower has a powerful ram - spring-loaded by the simple arrangement of an elastic band - so pulling it back sends it flying out the front, knocking down the wall on the side of the knight's tower... ...and releasing the captive Orc! The floor panels inside the prison are laid over a lip on the inside of the collapsible wall, so fall in when they're not supported. There's a string at the rear for extending the boarding ramp... ...and letting a fearsome Orc warrior charge across! Flick-fire action! The battle heats up as the Orcs close in! The Minifigures The Crown Knights: I really like the Crown Knights. They're metallic helmets look great and they come with nice accessories. The archer has a double printed head with a frightened look on the other side too! I'm not surprised, I'd be frightened when staring over the ramparts at these... The Orcs: These guys really do look the part, worthy advesaries to the Crown Knights! The details are superb: the printed elements, weapons and helmets, all set the Orcs aside on the battlefield. The set comes with a great new molded armour neckpiece too. The mighty Orc leader looks wicked in his full battlegear! Overview There's so much to this set it's hard not to be impressed. The Orc's siege engine is a thing of beauty (or terror!) and would look great on any battlefield. The Crown Knight's tower although basic, looks good and has great playability. I'm a big fan of the new Castle knights and fantasy minifigures and the inclusion of five of them is just enough for this set and as a booster to any army. At £19.99 in the UK this set is well worth the money for content and quality. I'd highly recommmend this set as a must-have purchase for anyone A final shot of the siege tower with a host of Orcs ready for battle: I hope you enjoyed my review, I'll be posting my next one for 7040 Dwarves Mine Defender soon!"], [1, 'I got this set in the spring during my "buy every new Castle set available"-season. Granted, I couldn\'t afford all of them, but I do have most of them now. Anyway, I love the action elements to this set, and the siege tower really does look wicked. I\'d like to attach the Crownie tower to the King\'s Castle to see how it fits, but I unfortunately don\'t own that set (yet). I also love the turning head of the soldier, and I\'ve used it in my Princess Quest-comic as well, along with the turning head of the princess. The Troll Leader brings good variety to the army of trolls, but they still could use another face type and more torso options. It\'s a nice review, in any case, although the set pretty much speaks for itself.'], [1, "Hey, good review and good photos. I also got this set just recently, and I wasn't very enthusiastic about it at the beginning, but after I built it I could appreciate it. The siege engine is very nice, but my complaint has do with the proportions of the knight's tower in respect to the trolls' machine - it's a bit smaller, and less bulkier. That complaint has to go with some other sets too. For example the troll warship is really humongous - it feels like it can load the evil wizard's tower and sail off. Other than that - a good set, I like it, 4/5 from me."], [1, 'Excellent review and your pictures are very good, I look forward to seeing more review. I really like this set I got it some time ago and keep meaning to post some pictures of it going up against some of the older castles.'], [1, "Very nice review Pedro! You beat me to it. There was a review done about January, but i wanted to have a go, just haven't opened the box yet..... Great pics and well demonstrated action elements too. I rate this as one of the coolest Castle sets just for its playability and 5 figures. This will def add to my Orc army, and i may purchase more of this set if they dont release a Orc BP. Keep up the good work!"], [1, "I Scream Clone, on Jul 29 2008, 04:42 PM, said: Very nice review Pedro! You beat me to it. There was a review done about January, but i wanted to have a go, just haven't opened the box yet..... Great pics and well demonstrated action elements too. I rate this as one of the coolest Castle sets just for its playability and 5 figures. This will def add to my Orc army, and i may purchase more of this set if they dont release a Orc BP. Keep up the good work! For now, there is the Impulse set... Great review and excellent photography, I love this set, as it has many good features and the Siege tower is the best TLC one yet! Thanks again!"], [0, 'Inertia, on Jul 29 2008, 07:00 PM, said: For now, there is the Impulse set... I dont suppose you have seen the Troll Impulse in Aus yet?'], [0, "Thanks for the positive comments everyone I’d noticed that although much discussed, no-one on Eurobricks had written a comprehensive review for it. I thought this set more than deserved one! I’ve just posted my newest review of the Dwarves' Mine Defender here: http://www.eurobrick...showtopic=19931"], [0, "I Scream Clone, on Jul 29 2008, 06:39 PM, said: I dont suppose you have seen the Troll Impulse in Aus yet? nah, got it in Singapore when I was on a business trip, got like 10 of the things now. They're 6.50 sing"], [0, "Great review! This is an awesome set. Besides knocking down the wall at the side, can the battering ram do any other damage to the tower (ex, reducing it to rubble bricks)? And why can't the orc just jump out of the hole in the back? Do they need to do that much unnecessary damage to the tower?"], [1, 'When I first saw this topic, I thought, "Oh, great, another review of this set..." However I\'m glad you posted it now, your pics are great and, well, it was just a generally good review! I\'m looking forward to seeing more... ~Peace'], [1, "Thanks for the review! From this set, I prefer the Crown Knight's tower - it's a very good-looking structure!"], [1, "Pedro, for your first review, you have amaze me with your photo session and the strucutre of your review. I am very impressed by your high quality pictures. You have done an excellent job! I love the Tower Raid very much, as it offers high playability. With the wall and flooring, falling down, when the ram hits the wall, it's quite interesting to play with. The mechanism of the ram is very fun to play with as well. I will try and pull back and released it, to knock a row of soldiers. This is one of my favourite sets in Castle 2008. Well done."], [1, "WhiteFang, on Jul 30 2008, 12:56 AM, said: Pedro, for your first review, you have amaze me with your photo session and the strucutre of your review. I am very impressed by your high quality pictures. You have done an excellent job! I completely agree. This is an amazing review - bits of humor, great photography, and detailed descriptions/photos. Based upon this review I've placed an order for this set (along with some convincing from Amazon's 20% sale ). The only drawbacks in this set that I can see concerns the tower with it being 1) small compared to the seige tower and 2) missing a few walls. However, this is also the joy of LEGO as one can simply purchase a few bricks and build their own walls and/or expand the tower's size (or even attach it to a castle). Of course, this increases the price of the set, but considering how cheap bricks are on BrickLink, Tower Raid is still a very good value. I hope you continue doing reviews, pedro."], [1, 'Th set was fantastic becuase it was cheap and supplied a very good amount of pecies and had rather good minifigures.'], [1, 'I have one of these and must say that this is THE best Castle set in the theme, and the most useful parts pack for its size yet.'], [1, 'Name: Jungle Duel Set ref: 7624 Number of minifigs: 3 Number of pieces: 90 Price: $9.00 A basic review of 7624 (my apologies for the blurry and grainy pictures my camera is acting up ): The build is nothing speicial on to the figs Indiana Jones, Mutt Williams and Irina Spalkoi, nice array of minifigs although I think they should have included a russian soldier or two. If you look to the right on Mutts jacket it has his name in script, the tent is great aside from the fact that the fabric bends easily a nice amount of speicial pieces the weapons rack is pretty nifty so is the table when you swap the white piece with a black one overall it is a very nice set, the $10.00 price tag isnt so bad either, thanks for reading. Playability:10/10 price:8/10 figs:8/10 build:5/10 overall rating:8/10 I recommend this set to all Indiana Jones and lego fans. Edited by wulf, 29 July 2008 - 02:50 PM.'], [1, 'Nice short review, although a little hard to read. I agree that this set is a really great one.'], [1, 'JimButcher, on Jul 29 2008, 01:02 AM, said: Nice short review, although a little hard to read. I agree that this set is a really great one. How is it hard to read? But thanks for the review! Great little set, but I do agree that it could have used a Russian or two. Maybe Oxley too. darthperson'], [1, "I really liked this set, it's cheap and comes with a good supply of flesh heads and the new hair mold. I love the tent too. I'd give it a 10/10."], [1, "The only Indy set I considered worth purchasing so far. Great source of various parts - plus you gotta love Spalko's hair! Edited by Dreamweb, 01 August 2008 - 09:55 PM."], [1, "I give it a 10/10 for the parts. That's the reason I got mine."], [1, 'A great price point for a nice bunch of figs and accesories. Pity about the fleshies though... God Bless, Nathan'], [1, 'fleshies sometimes come in handy. Great review and good set, but as said by other: another Russian soldier (or two) would be fine, TLC is being a bit too much of a cheapskate regarding minifigs lately.'], [1, 'Good review. This is my second IJ kit that I got and I think it is a great deal. Only 10$ and get 3 figs and great parts to use. I may pick up 2 more so I have penty of ants and other goodies that this comes with.'], [1, 'I picked this up last weekend, mainly also for parts. It came with two Mutt heads instead of a Irena Head. :( But anyway, it\'s a nice little $10 set...We need more sets like this that include these myriads of "detail" parts.'], [0, "I was tempted to go buy this setbecause I havn't got a Indiana Jones . But when I went to get it and there was none .I still havn't got a indiana jones"], [1, "Time for my first review! 7673 MagnaGuard Starfighter Peices: 431 # of figs: 2 Price: 44.99 USD THE BOX: Pretty decent size box for the price. MagnaGuards: The Normal Box Stuff: Front of the ship: Back: Open Cockpit: Back of the Box: Contents: DSS (dreaded sticker sheet): First Manual Page (because it's super important not to build on carpet. ) Fig Build: The Magna Guard Head: (IMO it's beautiful! ) The Purple Cone! Cape Box: The Capes!: Just One: The MagnaGuard: Back: The Parts (nicely sorted!) The new Windshield Piece (Beautiful!) The First Step: Seccond Step: More Steps Of The Main Body: The Wing Assembly: (Sorry for the blur) Attached: Opposite Wing: Both Attached: Rear Engine Build: The Staffs. I have mine set up differently than in the instructions. I put one cone over the hump on one end of the staff, and the other in the original spot. Then, to load them onto the fighter, all you do is push the original placed cone down and put it right in. This way, the staff looks better and it works the same! See? It slides right in: Skeletal parts of sides attached: Close Up: Bottom: Both Wings Attached: Hidden Missle Launcher: Raised Up: Another Shot: Staffs Attached: Complete: Side Panel: Side Pods: Complete: Swooshable!: Finished!: Time to complete: >2hrs. Okay, Overall rating time! PRICE: 9/10- Could have been 40.00 USD, but due to new molds, this is understandable. PARTS: 9/10- Could have hade more Dark Red, but thats IMO. Plus, I love Dark Red! BUILD TIME: 8/10- I took my time on this and enjoyed the techniques the designers intricated. Also, taking pics added to the time quite a bit. PLAYABILITY: 7/10- The main playability functions are the missle launchers in the back and the sliding cockpit. My only gripe with these is they don't set right with the other slopes on the top. Also, the inside of the cockpit is easily modded for regular size minifigs. Just pop a handlebar piece in the already provided arm in the cockpit and bam, your favorite figs can have a ride! It also helps keep the Magnaguards in place if they hold it. MINIFIGS: 10/10- IMO, the new molds are great! The only downfall is the right arm on both is less moveable due to the hard plastic turban-thing connected to the head. SWOOSHABILITY: 9/10- The starfighter is pretty sleek, and very swooshable! DESIGN: 9/10- The most important aspect, and this one's a winner! It's only a nine because it needs to have smoother edges in a few spots, but they are easily MODable. OVERALL SCORE: 8.7! I think it's an awesome set. Very satisfying! 2008 SW ON! DSR DSR Edited by KimT, 04 August 2008 - 11:49 AM. indexed"], [1, "Dark Sword Ragnarok, on Jul 29 2008, 08:13 AM, said: Edit Bonaparte: Don't quote an entire post with zillions of pictures! I'll send you a PM so you don't miss my message. Nice start to a review - It looks like a really cool set! Thanks for the look-in! ~ A.S."], [0, "Ha, you posted as I finished the last update! Also, can you take the quote of my update out of your post? It's making the topic obscenely long! DSR Edited by Dark Sword Ragnarok, 29 July 2008 - 12:27 PM."], [-1, 'too many pictures .... we dont need to see every step'], [0, "krabs., on Jul 29 2008, 03:20 AM, said: too many pictures .... we dont need to see every step But that's the whole point of an in-depth review, to see all the steps of the build! Here's an example:Click! See what I mean? It's meant to have a lot of pics, its the whole point of an in depth review. It's in depth."], [0, 'Hello again! Wow, this really is an in depth review! At first when I pictures of the set I thought... "Yeah, kinda boring." But after reading your review, I think I might buy it (when it\'s cheaper). The pieces look very good, and I love the droids and their accesories! Thanks for the review! Also, AwesomeStar, I knwo it is a default thingy but it would be good if the quote was taken out of your post as it does clutter up the topic (or "yopic" as DSR calls it).'], [0, 'Shoc, on Jul 29 2008, 04:20 AM, said: Hello again! Wow, this really is an in depth review! At first when I pictures of the set I thought... "Yeah, kinda boring." But after reading your review, I think I might buy it (when it\'s cheaper). The pieces look very good, and I love the droids and their accesories! Thanks for the review! Also, AwesomeStar, I knwo it is a default thingy but it would be good if the quote was taken out of your post as it does clutter up the topic (or "yopic" as DSR calls it). Your welcome! Glad to help! Also, "yopic" has been fixed, thanks for pointing it out! DSR'], [0, 'left-handed droids'], [0, 'Thanks for the review Dark Sword Ragnarok . Since the first pics of the clone wars sets were leaked I want this set and with your review I want it even more . Edited by darkrebellion, 29 July 2008 - 04:48 PM.'], [1, 'nice review! i probably wont get it, since i dont like ships much, but maybe ill order a magn guard from somewhere. "Here\'s my card." jifel'], [1, 'AwesomeStar, on Jul 29 2008, 05:11 AM, said: Nice start to a review - It looks like a really cool set! Thanks for the look-in! ~ A.S. Did you really need to quote the entire review, I had to scroll down for about five minutes to see the rest of the thread....'], [1, "Fantastic review! It's very in-depth and I love it. I hope we'll see more reviews from you"], [1, 'Thanks for the review! Nice job! And speaking of in-depth reviews, my Ultra Drill Walker review was VERY in depth..Two brickshelf pages.'], [1, "jifel, on Jul 29 2008, 06:15 PM, said: nice review! i probably wont get it, since i dont like ships much, but maybe ill order a magn guard from somewhere. I don't really like any of the starships either (harder to battle) so the closest I get are the 2 gunships! This review is certainly 'in-depth' but unfortunately £39.99 ="], [1, 'krabs., on Jul 29 2008, 06:12 AM, said: left-handed droids Shhh, that\'s their secret weakness..... darkrebellion, on Jul 29 2008, 09:47 AM, said: Thanks for the review Dark Sword Ragnarok . Since the first pics of the clone wars sets were leaked I want this set and with your review I want it even more . I\'m glad I could help! jifel, on Jul 29 2008, 10:15 AM, said: nice review! i probably wont get it, since i dont like ships much, but maybe ill order a magn guard from somewhere. "Here\'s my card." jifel Yeah, the Magna Guards are pretty great! darthperson, on Jul 29 2008, 11:15 AM, said: Did you really need to quote the entire review, I had to scroll down for about five minutes to see the rest of the thread.... It\'s been edited now. Bonaparte, on Jul 29 2008, 11:41 AM, said: Fantastic review! It\'s very in-depth and I love it. I hope we\'ll see more reviews from you Why thank you! I\'m hoping to do more when I get more sets. ~VBBN~, on Jul 29 2008, 12:11 PM, said: Thanks for the review! Nice job! And speaking of in-depth reviews, my Ultra Drill Walker review was VERY in depth..Two brickshelf pages. No, thank you for the Drill Walker review! After seeing it, it made me want it more! The Rancor, on Jul 29 2008, 12:30 PM, said: I don\'t really like any of the starships either (harder to battle) so the closest I get are the 2 gunships! This review is certainly \'in-depth\' but unfortunately £39.99 = Yeah, it is a bit pricey in the UK.... Anyway, thanks to everyone who had a look! DSR'], [-1, "darthperson, on Jul 29 2008, 07:15 PM, said: Did you really need to quote the entire review, I had to scroll down for about five minutes to see the rest of the thread.... Well sor-ree! Alright, I'll remember next time."], [0, "AwesomeStar, on Jul 29 2008, 01:07 PM, said: Well sor-ree! Alright, I'll remember next time. It was just irritating to have to scroll through the same pics for a while, that's all. Besides, it's gone now! DSR Also, Front Paged! I can't believe it!"], [1, "Hmm. A tougie. I really like the World City one, yet the Dino one is a better deal. I'll vote for the Dino, because I (regretably) don't even have the World City one..."], [1, "The Coast Guard quad, because I live in the Netherlands, and we don't have the 'dino attack theme', we have dino 2010, which have a diffrent quad. So I would like to chose the Dino Attack one, but as I don't one him, Goast Guard. though. But I also don't have the coast guard one, but I like him, but I also don't have the coast quard one as well. Greets The-Force! Edited by THE-FORCE, 01 August 2008 - 11:18 PM."], [1, ', that was a weird race! Anyway, I love the look of both sets, but i\'ll have to go for the Dino Attack Quad for a couple of reasons: It is post-apoc, which I love, features tan and dark red colours which are far more useful than yellow, you get more "bang for your buck" with the Dino set, you get a little dino (sure you can hate it but better than not having one right?), and the fig has much more useful pieces and a better face. Thanks for the face off TheBrickster! Batbrick Away!'], [1, "It's definately the Street Sprinter for me! There are many reasons for that, most of which have been mentioned by others already: I hate yellow, it's the most useless color, but I love tan and dark red. It's bigger and more detailed than the Coast guard one. Plus, I think there is a hinge in the back of it, so there is apparently some more playability to it as well. I love the post-apoc style fig! It's detailed and simply looks cool! Also, while the Digger fig has quite an individual look to it, the Coast Guard driver has the generic hero head and Coast Guard uniform. It's an overal better deal, especially if you count the LUDP which gives the set a whole lot more playability, no matter how U the LDP may be. Tan & post-apoc figs ON!"], [1, 'that was an intresting race And i was split between the two until i saw whitefang`s reply and the fact you can use the sprinter as a militery thing(which you could do for both but sprinter just pulls it off better) and i like the radar on the back of it so i`ll have to go with the street sprinter. thanks for the nice topic brickster'], [1, "I've got to go with the town one, since you have to stand on the dino one. Steve"], [1, "I vote for the Dino quadbike, definately! I wish I had that but I'll have to make do with the much less violent European Version (Dino '2010' not 'ATTACK') Here's a comaprison... European Version: USA etc. version: There's a subtle difference, but I prefer the US one As for the Coast Guard Quad, I think it's OK but not as good as the new one."], [1, 'I like the Coast Guard one, but Dinos eat Coast Guard people, so Dinos ftw. And I think the dino bike would fit in with my collection pretty well.'], [1, 'i like the dino thingy because of the pieces and the dino is a lot of fun on its own (i know, thats akward)...'], [1, 'Dino Attack for me! You just cant say no to a huge Bazooka! Though the tan and dark red works for me too'], [1, "The Rancor, on Aug 2 2008, 09:39 AM, said: I wish I had that but I'll have to make do with the much less violent European Version (Dino '2010' not 'ATTACK') Here's a comaprison... European Version: USA etc. version: There's a subtle difference, but I prefer the US one I did not know that Europe had a different quad (or at least one without the bazooka). Interesting that the gun was removed from the European sets, or added to the US sets. I sort of like the chain. I also notice a big difference in the boxart. Destroyed city to prehistoric volcano. I wonder if the story was different as well? Thanks for sharing a good picture. ----------------------------------------- Well, it does look like the Dino Quad has the upper hand; almost double the votes."], [1, "Dino Attack quad for me. No, this isn't because I own it and not the other one, but because I think just about everything is better in it - the design is better, the colors are cooler, and it has a better figure. I don't like the figure in the coast guard quad at all - but since it was from World City, I'm not suprised. I also kinda like the dino, actually. It's flexible and fits in with the previous dinos a lot better than the cruddy bigger ones with bright red, yellow, and green highlights."], [1, 'ooooooh! this is a very hard choice,i like this new coast guard theme but i LOVED! Dino Attack.The Dino Attack set has a weird looking gun,but IMO the Coast Guard set looks.........cleaner if you get what i mean.The little Dino/lizard thing is practically worthless (thats why i have a bin full of those little guys).I want to keep liking Dino Attack i just can\'t.So i know your like "just get to the point already!" so i guess i have to go with coast guard. TheBrickster, on Aug 3 2008, 09:41 AM, said: I did not know that Europe had a different quad (or at least one without the bazooka). Interesting that the gun was removed from the European sets, or added to the US sets. I sort of like the chain. I also notice a big difference in the boxart. Destroyed city to prehistoric volcano. I wonder if the story was different as well? Thanks for sharing a good picture. ----------------------------------------- Well, it does look like the Dino Quad has the upper hand; almost double the votes. wow i would have so much wanted the european one more than the US one, i mean that bazooka or as they called it a "sonic screamer" looks very silly'], [1, 'Price: 569 kr Minifigs: 2 Pieces: 592 Stickers: 9 (My sticker sheet wasn’t curled up) Overview: Before I start I will apologize for the bad quality of the pictures. It is getting dark here right now, so some of the pictures are a bit dark. 1) Minifigs: The set comes with two of the new Clone Wars clone troopers, which in my opinion are pretty cool. It also comes with two short blasters and a bag of clone accessories. Figs with helmets: Figs without helmets: 2) The tank: This thing is HUGE (25cm long and 22cm wide), and far oversized in my opinion, but looks great nonetheless. I very much like the white and dark red color scheme, mixed with a bit of lime green (even though there is no lime green bricks ;) ). Left side: Right side: Back side: Both of the wings contain a hidden compartment to store the blasters and a part that rotates to reveal three flickfire missiles. The front opens up as well to reveal the engine. The side guns and the gun on the top rotate. Inside the cockpit is space for two figs; one seated in front of two computer screens and one placed in a moveable seat, which moves up and down, allowing the fig to pop up the top hatch and staying hidden while the hatch is closed. This function is triggered by opening the backdoor. Hidden compartment and missiles: Engine: Top hatch (open/closed): Interior: 3) Rating: Build: 9/10 Not much to say here. Minifigs: 7/10 An extra fig or two would have been great; eventually a Jedi or a commando. Design: 8/10 This only looses a couple of points for being oversized, but it’s a great looking model. Parts: 10/10 At 592 parts, this is one of the CW sets with the best parts/price ratio. Price: 8/10 Sure this thing is great, but I think its overpriced at 569 kr. (approx. $120). When build it feels more like a 450 kr. Set. Final verdict: 9/10 Despite some flaws this thing is definitely recommended, and it looks great on your shelf, too ;)'], [-1, 'I know it would really go well with the RGS but it is not enough for £50. Ill wait for the Sales at Christmas.'], [-1, 'Nice review , for Portugal it costs 60€. I also consider it oversized, it shold be the third of that size... Portugal and Spain may have good prices but 90€ for the V-19 must be a tippo.'], [-1, "Finally a review of this, thanks! 120 bucks? This tank looks tiny and though it's amazingly detailed it should have been smaller and only 40/50 bucks at most. It just doesn't play that big a part man. Good pieces and mechanisms but no one's going to both buying a 120 buck tank, no offence, not unless it it's the AT-TE."], [0, "Dovchenko, on Aug 1 2008, 07:47 PM, said: Finally a review of this, thanks! 120 bucks? This tank looks tiny and though it's amazingly detailed it should have been smaller and only 40/50 bucks at most. It just doesn't play that big a part man. Good pieces and mechanisms but no one's going to both buying a 120 buck tank, no offence, not unless it it's the AT-TE. $120 is the price here in Denmark. It will most likely be the same price as the V-19 Torrent everywhere else, so you dont have to worry about that"], [-1, "Im really mad. This isn't even out in the US. I want this set really bad."], [1, 'Thanks for the review! I think this is my favourite Clone Wars set, behind the Republic Gunship.'], [0, 'One question... Do the top panels on the rotating rocket assembly mounted in the skids pop off regularly when you flip them back and forth? The ones on the version I built from the instructions posted online seem to eject with the slightest provocation'], [1, "I'll probably get this in Hong Kong where LEGO is cheap next time I go there to visit my relatives. Also pretty nice review, a few more pics couldn't hurt. Also are there just two of the same white control computers for the controls? That's what it looks like in the instructions. Edited by Skipper 24, 01 August 2008 - 08:41 PM."], [0, 'You lucky turd. Seriously, good job with the review.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review, Christian, I was hoping for one soon . This set really looks good, but as you said, rather big. The figs are good, and I agree that Ki-Adi Mundi should be included. I like the hidden compartments for the blasters and missiles, and the cockpit is really cool, considering it seats two (I thought only one). I will surely pick this up sometime.'], [0, "Deinonychus, on Aug 1 2008, 08:06 PM, said: One question... Do the top panels on the rotating rocket assembly mounted in the skids pop off regularly when you flip them back and forth? The ones on the version I built from the instructions posted online seem to eject with the slightest provocation They do fall off from time to time, but not as easily as you describe. Skipper 24, on Aug 1 2008, 08:13 PM, said: I'll probably get this in Hong Kong where LEGO is cheap next time I go there to visit my relatives. Also pretty nice review, a few more pics couldn't hurt. Also are there just two of the same white control computers for the controls? That's what it looks like in the instructions. Yes. Its two identical white slopes decorated with computer screens."], [1, "Nice review, thanks for taking the time to share your thoughts. Looks like a really nice set and I'll be picking it up eventually when it makes it to the US."], [0, 'Do you have any pics of the wheels? I wanna see what those are like.'], [1, "This is my favorite set in the Clone Wars wave, and I'll be picking it up without a doubt... that is, whenever the folks at LEGO decide that it's okay for us to buy their sets in US."], [-1, 'Thank you for the first ever review of the fighter tank. I like this set and every features it offers. But I think that the engine could have a better look than just four green cylinders in a grey piece.'], [1, 'Great review! I really like the look of this set, and having played a lot of battlefront I am quite keen to pick one up in Australia when it comes out (after the DS is paid off) Looks like some nice greebling and cool colour scheme too.'], [1, "Must buy now!!!! totally sweet! Not available in canada yet Well designed and cheap (for clone wars!) I'm going to mod it so that it looks like the imperial version"], [1, "I am 100% going to get this set! It should be about $55 and if it is, i'll get it without a doubt! I just hope that this set is $50-$60. If it isn't, then we have a problem..."], [1, "This and the AT-TE and the Spider tank and maybe the droid gunship are the few Clone wars sets I'll buy. I loved playing as this tank in the Clone wars video game( even better with cheat codes for EXTRA MISSILE SPAM ), so this is a must get."], [-1, 'Thanks for posting the review, I’ve been wondering about this set. To me it does feel a bit fig light, for £50 I’d expect maybe one or two more clones. I’m not to sure about the oversized issue, it seems to me it’s better to have something a bit to large and have a better level or features than something smaller will less.'], [0, "This set costs a S$100 in singapore.I went to Hng Kong too see lego and the shops there are more expensive by a few dollars.However,I went to Australia before and everything there is the same price but when there is a sale it becomes very cheap!Anyway, thanks for the review!I was wondering about the details of this set.The clone's faces look a lot like anakin's face.Why is that so?I thought it is supposed to look like jango's?"], [1, 'Christian, thanks for this outstanding review! I have been waiting for this moment for someone to do up an excellent review like this. Republic Fighter Tank is my 2nd favourite set, in my Clone Wars list. The 2 Clone Troopers could be easily add up to your RGS, since it offer only more trooper. However, I felt that this set is quite overpriced. In fact, all Clone War sets are very expensive. The Fighter Tank, has a very great color combination of red and white to represent the Republic. The wheels below is the most impressive feature, which enable the hovering feel. The hatch is a neat feature as well. However, I noticed there is a rubber band within the control panel. May I know what is it for? I really enjoy viewing this review. You had given the insight which will eventually determined whether to get it any sooner or later. pr0visorak, on Aug 2 2008, 05:35 PM, said: This set costs a S$100 in singapore.I went to Hng Kong too see lego and the shops there are more expensive by a few dollars.However,I went to Australia before and everything there is the same price but when there is a sale it becomes very cheap! Hello pr0visorak. You are from Singapore as well. Welcome to Eurobricks! I hope you will do an introduction to the rest of the members in this forum. In Singapore, it cost SGD$100.00 In fact, that was the promotional price. Therefore, there is no further discount for it.'], [1, 'I personally think this is a great set, but a little pricey. I wish it was available in the US though.'], [1, 'Im definatly gonna get the ATTE. Im thinking about getting the spider droid and fighter tank. I alredy own the older version of the republic gunship (but i still want it) AgentRick57, on Aug 1 2008, 08:44 PM, said: I loved playing as this tank in the Clone wars video game( even better with cheat codes for EXTRA MISSILE SPAM ) sorry to get off topic... But i own that game! I liked playing as the republic gunship the best!'], [1, "4478 Geonosian Fighter review Parts:169 Figs:4 Price:?15.00 (I think) Here is a review of the amazing Geonosian Fighter set, it was my first ever Star Wars LEGO set! Here go's... 1. Manual Not much here although it's an old style manual cover. Random shot. Back. 2. General set and minifigs A pic of the entire set, it has 2 reddish tan Battle Droids Geo pilot, Geo soldier, Geo Star Fighter and Geo turret. The 4 figs, the droids come with backpacks. Geo soldier. I prefer this gun. Give him a cane to become Poggle the Lesser the Geo leader. Detailed legs are always nice. The bodies are a little fat for Geonosians I guess but nice printing on them. The head. The wings. 1. 2. 3. Voila! All done 3. The Star Fighter It has a landing gear type thing. The detail on those plates. The pilot in the cockpit. Cockpit with canopy. 1 of 2 ball joint things, this is the engine. 2nd ball joint which is the front gun. 4. The turret The turret by itself. Turret with the soldier. A printed round plate. 5. Overall Build: 7/10 A little repetitive but enjoyable. Minifigs: 9/10 4 that's pretty good for a set this size. Design: 6/10 The fighter dosen't really look right nor does the turret but they are both strong. Parts: 8/10 Lot's of interesting parts and comes with two of the ball joint things as well the minifig parts being good. Price: 10/10 Cheap (for the UK) considering the amount of minifigs and parts. Playability: 5/10 not much but you can have mini battles with the turret and starfighter. Overall: 8/10 I gave it 8 because of the design which was not accurate and the low number of parts. Thanks for reading and hope you liked it as much as I did . Edited by KimT, 04 August 2008 - 11:42 AM. indexed"], [0, "Good review. I would get this set, but sadly they don't have it anymore.... I wish they did to get those sweet figs! The battle droid colors are sweet! The only set with geonosians...."], [0, "I wish they made more sets with those colored Droids as well. We should have got them with the Hailfire droid and Dwarf spider set I think. I also just noticed look the ball turret on the manual there's no markings on it."], [0, 'Nice review. Sadly my dark ages came right before this set was released.'], [0, "Thanks for the review. I love these affordable little sets. Not so affordable now because of the cool figs but i'm going to have a look on eBay and bricklink right now just in case! An army of tan red droids would look great. Maybe we'll see some if Geonosia appears in the new seires somehow unlikely since the Confederacy was defeated at the Battle of Geonosis. I wish I could have bought this set when it came out but i'd just left university so I was super skint and had to miss all the Ep.II sets now they all cost loads even in used condition. At least now there has been a re-design of the gunship and AT-TE from the Clone Wars series that I can buy."], [1, "Great review! Man doI wish I had those red droids. I'm using the Dell XPS-1, and holy crap is it clear. Those pics were beautiful!"], [0, "~VBBN~ the pics were 12 mega pixles which is quite a lot I think, although I had to scale them down to 800x600. I used to dream that TLG would bring out these sets of the Geonosis arena and you could join them together to make a massive arena but I doubt they would ever do that. Also look out for my forth coming reviews of 4500 Snow speeder, Some TIE fighter with a LUL DV, and GG wheel bike chase. I have taken all the pics all I need to do is upload them. Also I would review the Jango Fett's Slave 1 but I have customized it so much I don't really want to revert it back to it's original state. Edited by Skipper 24, 02 August 2008 - 07:18 PM."], [1, 'Thanks for the review Skipper. This is one of my favourite sets. I really like the colour scheme and the Geonosians are awesome. Keep up the good work KimT'], [1, "I always thought this looked liek a cool set, with lots of nice (and sadly unique) pieces. Unfortunately the only Attack of the Clones sets I got were the Jedi Starfighter and Yoda vs Dooku. Amazing sets, but I would love to have owned them all. I'd never really looked into this set very much, so thanks for the review!"], [1, "This is actually one of my favorite Star Wars sets. Awesome rare pieces, and excellent construction. Geo figs are a plus too. Best of all, it's nice and cheap."], [1, "Good review! I really liked the detailed geonosians, and I hope theyre in a later set so i can get more. Knowing lego they'll release a huge arena playset with a few geos and sand red droids so people will buy the set just for them. jifel"], [-1, "jifel, on Aug 3 2008, 04:18 PM, said: Good review! I really liked the detailed geonosians, and I hope theyre in a later set so i can get more. Knowing lego they'll release a huge arena playset with a few geos and sand red droids so people will buy the set just for them. jifel That would be a great release, but I doubt it. KimT"], [1, 'I am fairly confident that something involoving geonosis will be released in 2010 but any way I had this set ( one of my first ones) but i droped the ship and it blew up. I found all the pieces but in never rebuilt the ship. Although I still have the figs ant the canon. Overall this set was above average in my opinion. Great review!!!'], [-1, "7263 TIE Fighter Review Parts: 159 Figs: 2 Price £20.00 (not sure) My 2nd review today! This set came out about the same time as the ROTS sets and included the first minifig to have a LUL. 1. Box & Manual This is the front of the box, it has a try me slot for the LUL Vader. A close up of the try me slot. Luckily I got mine form Argos so no little kids have been playing around with it. The manual cover. I'm not quite sure why it has a pic of the figs on the front but it doesn't deface it so I don't mind. Random manual shot. ROTS set preview at the back of the manual. 2. General set and figs The contents of the set. # The minifigs. A normal TIE pilot and the first ever LUL fig DV. (Also my only LUL fig) No helmets. TIE Pilot torso. The LUL is made of 3 parts. Lighted up. The LED for the blade. 3. The TIE Fighter Just a pic of it. Cockpit with controls. TIE pilot sitting in the cockpit. By the way the hinge brick is the wrong color it is supposed to be grey. The cockpit shut. I wonder why TLC never printed those cockpit glass things correctly. Jet out the back. Top plate has some nice printing. 5. Overall Build: 5/10 very repetitive...well the ships symmetrical! Minifigs: 4/10 1 TIE pilot which is okay but a LUL Vader he can't even fit in the ship. Design: 6/10 strong but the wings are all wobbly if that makes sense. I don't like the blue either. Parts: 6/10 Lots of blue grills thingy's not much else but it got 6 because of the wings plates. Price: 5/10 Could have been more expensive. At least it had 2 figs. Playability: 1/10 Can't do much as a stand alone set. Overall: 4/10 There just isn't enough here. It could at least have a better color scheme and instead of DV it could come with a Stormie like the old one did."], [1, "Thanks for the review. I actually like the older Tie better, since it had a stand for the Tie. Not really a fan of the LU figs either. No matter - a Tie is a Tie and this is a must have fighter for any LEGO SW fan out there. Never can get enough Ties, except the Tie Advanced or Vader's Tie...they don't rock... KimT"], [1, 'Great review! Really shows off the main aspects of the set. Wish I had picked up a TIE when they were around... DSR'], [0, 'And now for something completely different: Tiny Turbos belonging to the racers line! When I saw 8147 bullet run on S@H for half the price I couldn´t resist buying it. We had a lot of fun celebrating a bag-build at our event using the 8150 ZX Turbo of that theme so I knew what would expect me with this "extended" set. Price: normal 49,99€ now 24,99€ (well I paid 34,99€ in a Lego store but that´s another story...) Bricks: 796 Minifigs: - Hey, this is tiny turbos, stupid! Stickers: Don´t ask (or read further) The open box reveals seven polybags, some with more smaller polybags inside, the instruction booklet, 2 ramps and the sticker sheet. Of course I put all of the bags on the table and not on the floor Hey, TLC didn´t print this on the first page of the building instructions! And you won´t see any piece callouts as well. On the other hand this is not adifficult build, so why show them? Still there is an inventory list of all bricks at the end of the instructions. Note the giant sticker sheet! We all now the DSS, but that is a new kind of extra super large sticker sheet. It holds 82 stickers! More to that later on. The build is quite basic. The only non-conventional parts of the build were the two slammers. And the most annoying part was fiddling the rubber band of the holder without destroying it. Bag 1: Easy beginning: Building the lime car, the limo and the two slammers. Nothing exciting about the lime car, but the limo was neat. It´s an 18 studs long car! The normal racers are abot 10 studs long. Nice way to put the horns on the back! The slammers. Mmmmh. Nice invention if they would actually DO something. They are supposed to give the Tubros a kick in the butt to speed them up, but the result is a 80 cm long "run" and that´s it. I had expected more acceleration from the slammers. But it´s also fun to play with the cars without slamming them. Bag 2: Convoy time: The tow truck and the fuel truck The tow truck is a great idea and a good addition to the set. The cars are supposed to crash - how do they get back home? Well, here´s the answer. Quite american layout of the truck and it´s very well done: Horns, 5 flashing lights and a right color choice. You can move the arm up and down and pull out the hook. Note the metallic silver antennae. The fuel tank has got a "secret" function. It may break on the middle of the trailer. Therefore it has a hinge build in the bottom. City fire mayhem! And there´s no fire engine... Bag 3: Long, longer, how long can a "tiny" truck be? The pipe truck, an unexpected buggy and the red racer. 36+ studs long: The pipe truck breaks every convention. The cabin is almost the same like the tow truck and the fuel truck and that is the good part of it. The trailer has to carry pipes and is functional as well as it can commute sidewarts. It looks quite unrealistic as well and you cannot drive this beast on tiny roads. Good for another crash. But there are more cars in this bag. Now this was a surprise: A buggy? This is the only 6(+)-wide car, but just because the wheels are large. Monster truck madness? I don´t care for those cars. Personally a disappointment, I would have preferred another racer. + for variety though. Did I say another racer? Here we are: The red devil. Great looking, a real fast shape and red. The best racer in this set. Vrooommm! This is the most "played with" car of the set. (Not only from me ). As you may have noticed I didn´t put any stickers so far. I don´t like stickers especially when placed over two or more bricks! And here you are supposed to do it several times. Of course the cars look better with stickers on, but they are also great without stickers. Only the fuel truck looks boring without. My sons didn´t know there were supposed to be stickers and they didn´t ask for them. So everything is allright! Here´s a closeup of the sticker sheet (did I already mention it was 82 stickers? ): The only exception I made using sticker was for bag 4: Bag 4: You go here? You pay! The highway toll booth. The only immobile part of the set, but great to brake though the barriers. That is fun! I only put on stickers on 2x2 plates where I had the idea to use those plates further on on different other MOCs. This looks a bit boring without the other stickers I admit. But still no cut off to the playability! There are also two ramps belonging to the set. These only make sense if you are able to speed up the racers with the slammers and hit the ramps correctly. I had problems with that, so they are on the shelves now... Could be a lot fun making a contest though. Like this (picture of the inventories frontpage) All cars put together: The usual leftovers: All in all this is a great set to call ones own! I did not regret buying it, especially when it was 50% off! Even normal price would not have been too much. Build: Great for smaller children, boring to AFOLs: 5/10 Special bricks/colors: None, all basics: 3/10 Design: I love the tiny turbos´ size and design: 9/10 Playability: -1 because of the slammers, another -1 because no minifig-scale. But that is not the intention of the set: still 9/10 Price/piece ratio: Dang! It´s not on sale any more. But if you hurry you could still grab one in the Lego stores. 10/10 All in all: 8.5/10 and a clear recommendation! It was and still is a set to play with your children. The size fits perfectly to Matchbox cars and that was exactly what my younger son did: Can you find all of the cars included in the set? P.S.: After buying this set I won an ebay auction with another tiny turbos set - 8135 bridge chase. This is even more fun! I will soon care for a review with some never seen photo-tricks as well. Stay tuned! Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 07:02 PM. Indexed'], [1, "This set was on my wanted list for a long time and the sales at S@H came just in time I also loved the set, and like you only put the stickers on the toll both (it looks great on a town layout with almost no modifications). The racers are great. The trucks and the limo are the best in my oppinion. The sticker sheet is huge, but I've seen bigger. Stickers over multiple pieces are the worst The slammers are ok, but not great. I played with my 4 years old son and we tryed to do what shows in the box (the cars passing the toll, jumping the ramps and crashing the trucks) but it is very difficult to get it right. But the crashes are very fun."], [1, "Thanks for the review. I'll definately get this set sooner or later. IMO the Tiny Turbos are awesome. I actually bought nearly every set so far, built the models, added the stickers and packed them away in zip-lock bags in the attic. Sadly I don't have display room for them (yet). A fine set, carwise.. Dump the slammers and buildings into the spare bag and keep the cars. KimT TINY TURBOS ON!"], [1, "Tiny Turbos are good for parts, but I'm not so keen on them as they have no minifig drivers. So, I wasn't sure about this set. But your review has made me like them more, I probably won't buy the set but I appreciate it more. Thanks for the review!"], [1, "KimT, on Aug 3 2008, 01:06 PM, said: Thanks for the review. I'll definately get this set sooner or later. You better hurry. They are not at S@H any longer! Quote A fine set, carwise.. Dump the slammers and buildings into the spare bag and keep the cars. That´s exactly what I did. The slammers are already seperated to our color boxes."], [1, "Thanks for the review! I have quite a few TTs.(tiny turbos). I never got this one, but if it's on sale...."], [1, 'As my summer holiday was kinda wet for 2 weeks, I decided to shop some sets. I crossed the German border and bought me this one mainly for the parts. To get time going, I built the models and made this small review for you to enjoy (or hate) High resolution pics can be found here when public. Set# 4994 Title: Fierce Creatures Price: 9.99 EURO / 12.99 USD Pieces: 193 Minifigs: 0 The Box: The box looks awesome! It has some great animations of the 3 models in the instruction. The rear of the box shows some nice up-close-and-personal drawings of each model. I think it works better having the models drawn instead of a mere photo of them. Somehow it allows the great colour-scheme to really show. The Instructions: The instruction is easy to follow and shows which pieces are used in each building step. That makes it all a lot easier, especially with so many small pieces as in this set. The bricks are divided into 3 polybags and the instruction is a fine small book, which can be easily stored along the rest of your ever-growing amount of booklets and pamphlets printed by TLG. The models: Model 1 is a spider and it’s nasty. The 2x2 modified brick with the hole would allow one to hang it from a string. This beast is sure to give you several nightmares, were it hanging from a string in your bedroom. – So I wouldn’t do that (plus the fact that my wife threw away the box and ordered me to take the spider apart when she saw it – She’s an arachnophobian and does not take spiders lightly). It looks real, in a brickish-non-real-way. Model 2 is a snake. There’s not much to say other than the head is awesomely designed and the rest is bad. The body is poorly designed and does not live up to the coolness of the head. Build the head, ignore the rest. Model 3 is a flying scorpion or something. Not as realistic as the spider, but still a great model with a cool head. The tail is a bit poorly designed, but it’ll do and it does offer some good ideas on how to use bricks. All in All Verdicts: This is an ok Creator set. It holds a lot of fine pieces and the models are an ok inspiration. Given its size, it’s an ok set. But it’s nothing more than that. I’ll give it an average score. I enjoyed building the models and fumbling with the bricks in the shade during a “siesta” on my vacation. And that’s what it is, an enjoyable build and a little inspiration on a hot day with a Erdinger Dunkel Weissbier in my other hand. KimT Edited by WhiteFang, 23 May 2009 - 06:29 PM. Indexed'], [1, 'Looks like a pretty good set with a some nice colors. The spider is probably the best model in my opinion, but I mean look at the wasp kinda weak it you ask me. Nice review .'], [1, 'Thanks for the review, Kim! KimT, on Aug 3 2008, 01:01 PM, said: I crossed the German border and bought me this one mainly for the parts. What parts were you looking for? Or just for ALL of the parts? I like the story with your wife. The spider is really cool. Nice photo shots on the grass, Kim! Too bad the other alternative builds are kinda odd. Always CREATORS ON!'], [0, "4500 Rebel Snow Speeder review Parts: 214 Figs: 3 Price: £20.00 EDIT: New box pics added sorry they're a bit blurry because of the light I took them in. This is the original trilogy edition version of this set but there aren't any differences to the normal one. 1. Manual & Box The front of the OTE box The minifgs on the box top. The back of the box with some alternate models and overview of some of the functions. The manual cover. You can see it is the OTE version of the set. Random shot. 1 of 2 posters in the instructions. The second poster. 2. General set and minifigs The built set contents. The three figs with the included weapons. How I like to customize the pilots helmets. Luke from 4500 and Luke from 10178 Motorized AT-AT. The three helmets included with the set. 3. Turret Here's the turret with the Rebel gunner standing next to it. The controls for the turret . The turret can rotate and tilt two fire at those pesky AT-AT walkers. I put a spider web sort of radar dish thing on like on the original 7130 to make it look more like the one from TESB. 4. The Speeder A front view of the speeder. The pilot controls with a AT-AT print. The seats for the pilot and rear gunner. The rear gunner's tow cable. A detailed printed plate next to the engines. Printed plates under the air-brake things. More printed parts, there is no DSS with this set. Got tie up those walkers. We might need some more tow cable . 5. Overall Build: 7/10 Pretty symmetrical build but it's fun. Minifigs: 8/10 3 figs in a £20 set is pretty good I think. Design: 9/10 Very strong and close to minifig scale. The turret could have some work though. Parts: 8/10 lot's of variety and includes some interesting ones such as the cockpit and rear air vent. Price: 7/10 3 figs and 214 parts not to bad I guess. Playability: 6/10 Could be better if it came with a Snow Trooper. Overall: 8/10 The set comes with 3 figs that only come with more expensive sets, also it has a variety of different parts as well as the build being enjoyable. Edited by Skipper 24, 04 August 2008 - 03:10 PM. indexed"], [1, 'Thanks for the review. This is another good SW set. A true classic. I especially like the colourscheme of this set. The rebel gun is crappy though, but overall the set rocks. KimT'], [1, 'I once bought a entire Lego collection including this set. However, I never have build it. Seeing this fine review has given me new motivation to do so. Nice work again Skipper!'], [1, 'My review gave you motivation to build a set. My review was better than I thought.'], [1, 'Skipper, thanks for doing up all these SW Reviews. It certainly had given me some valuable insights on these sets especially on the Snowspeeder. It kind of making me regret to pass off this set. However, I had bought the hoth base instead but had never built it. I am just wondering if the snowspeeder had any difference? Keep up the good work and always strive your best to make each upcoming review a better one.'], [0, "There isn't much difference apart form it has stickers on and is grey. Also the guns and tow cable gun are different as well as the engines. But if you look at pictures of the Hoth base speeder not to much is noticeable."], [0, "I have mixed feelings about this set. It's one of the sets that sent my into a dark age (the birth of my son contributed heavily). When I first saw this set I was convinced that the earlier Snowspeeder (7130) was superior in every way. I liked the look of the 7130 version better, I liked the coloration of it better. The turret was better (it used a webbed 6 x 6 dish). After seeing this review, I realize I was wrong on some accounts. The cockpit is much more movie accurate. The 7130 version had two separate compartments. This version also came with a tow cable, something that was lacking from the previous set. While I still am unimpressed with the overall look of this set, it is much less blocky, which is always a good thing. Overall, I still prefer 7130 to the 4500 version. But the 4500 isn't nearly as bad as I first assumed, and I regret never buying one of these when I had my chance."], [1, 'Great review! I bought this set when it came out but sold it a couple years later for some extra cash. I have no regrets selling this one, as I was never really impressed with it (different story for the 4483 AT-AT - oh how I wish I still had that one). The snowspeeder was alright, just didn\'t have any sort of "wow" factor to it. The best part of the set is probably the Rebel Trooper. Looking at the last photo in your review, looks like you\'re about to have a major battle in your hallway. Apart from the snowspeeder & motorized AT-AT, I see the ARC-170 Fighter, Grievous\'s starfighter, and is that a podracer I see -- and what is the set with the treads? It\'s not Star Wars, but looks like a pretty cool set (maybe a Mission Mars vehicle).'], [0, "Podracer not sure where you got that from (I didn't have them out)? The set with treads is a Dino 2010 thing which fits in well after a bit of modding. Also there are some of the old EXO-Force sets out there like the Fire Vulture because I always saw them fitting well with Star Wars."], [0, "Skipper 24, on Aug 4 2008, 12:52 PM, said: Podracer not sure where you got that from (I didn't have them out)? I noticed the minifig between the Grievous starfighter & the mod-Dino2010 vehicle and it looked like a little person sitting in the pod of his podracer. Guess my eyes are playing tricks on me -- my eyesight is shot & my wife keeps pushing me to go visit the optometrist."], [0, "Nope there is a guy sitting there. He's there because on Dine 2010 there were no guns like on Dino attack, so so I made a big gun like on the Dino attack set. I can see where you got the pod racer idea from now."], [0, 'Ahem! Please get back on topic guys'], [0, "Skipper 24, on Aug 3 2008, 11:09 PM, said: The minifgs on the box top. They spelt Dack's name wrong Good set though."], [0, "Plutofish08, on Sep 11 2008, 07:27 AM, said: They spelt Dack's name wrong Good set though. No they didn't. Read this. You'll find the answer close the end of the article."], [0, "KimT, on Sep 11 2008, 08:29 PM, said: No they didn't. Read this. You'll find the answer close the end of the article. Oh, nevermind. Thanks!"], [1, 'I really liked this set. It was simple to build, yet detailed and included three figures, which was nice. If only Lego would do a few more Hoth sets, then we could make a real battle.'], [1, "I find myself so stupid I didn't bought this set. It was 30 euro and I thought that it would be for sale after a half year. (It was with earlier sw sets also). Nice review."], [1, 'Thanks for the rewiev! A nice set indeed, to bad i din´t buy it when it still was in the stores.'], [1, "You have to love the originals, well I didn't like the very first snowspeeder so this is the original to me. I like it more then the new one that comes with the Echo Base, beter color scheme and more realistic i think. I got this set in stores and still love it to this day =]"], [1, 'Good review, I like it a lot. Nice Job'], [1, 'This is one of my favorite SW sets. It is a good size to the HOTH base and the AT_AT.'], [0, "7255 General Greivous Wheel Bike chase review Parts: 111 Figs: 2 Price: £10.00 The first set to include GG. 1. General set and Minifigs (not manual because I don't have it) The contents of the box after being built. Both minifigs. The set includes 5 Lightsabers! My own design GG. GG's cape on the outside. GG's cape on the inside. 2. The Wheel bike Front view standing on legs. Side view. GG can't hold the controls because of his arms. Roller mode. The legs are a bit to chunky so to roll it has to be tilted forward. 3. Boga The lizard. Grey tip to the tail. The front back and saddle split in to three sections. 4. Overall Build: 4/10 There isn't really much to build. Minifigs: 9/10 It comes with GG with the special cape and Obi-Wan in ROTS gear which is hard to find I think. Design: 5/10 Not really to scale but otherwise okay apart from Boga which just looks like any old dinosaur. Also the controls on the Wheel bike aren't really right. Parts: 6/10 Comes with some Dark Green bricks and lots of rods ( the guns on the wheel bike) the Boga feet are also nice. Price: 8/10 £10 for 2 figs isn't bad it could have a few more parts though. Playability: 10/10 You can easily recreate the movie scenes with this set. Overall 7/10 It would be better if the bike and Boga were more to scale and more accurate as well as the set having more parts."], [-1, "Not one of my favourite SW sets. Kinda boring and the set is poorly designed IMHO. We do get the general, but that's not nearly enough. Thanks for the reivew and fine pics. KimT"], [0, "I had this set (£15 RRP actually ;-)) and agree mostly with your review, although on the wheel bike itself two legs can be placed at the front end and two at the back to enable it to 'roll' properly. Boga is very juniorised, and the set itself is very simple and contains many large pieces. The minifigures are good though (I traded my GG however ). Just to offer my personal thoughts; Build: 5/10 Minifigs: 10/10 Parts: 3/10 Price: 7/10 Playability: 10/10 Overall 7/10 -- (not an average) TK"], [0, "My brother had this set, and I think it isn't the best set, but great minifigs. Could use a Star Corps Clone or 2 from the BP."], [-1, "KimT, on Aug 3 2008, 03:22 PM, said: Not one of my favourite SW sets. Kinda boring and the set is poorly designed IMHO. We do get the general, but that's not nearly enough. Thanks for the reivew and fine pics. KimT GG has a cape...A Custom Cape!!!!!! What more do you want?"], [1, "7153 Jango Fett's Slave 1 Review Parts: 358 Figs: 2 Price: £20.00 (I got it on offer I think the RRP was £40) The only set to include Jango Fett and young Boba. Also the decals on Jango are from Fine Clonier. (I'm trying to say they don't came with the set) 1. Manual Worn manual. Random page. Another random page. Looking at this page you can that this set has numbered bags. Back cover. Look how old Yodas computer looks . 2. General set and Minifigs The sets contents. Jango With his hair on. Jango with helmet on with front view of face. Twist Jango's head to initiate super bounty hunter mode. Jango's doubled sided head. Boba. Nothing to special although I think the torso and head are exclusive to the set. 3. The Ship Not really scaled up right as you can see. The guns can rotate. The central sections interior. Not sure what this is. Is it a hyperdrive or a bomb or something? There are these side panels on both sides. Behind the panels. A secret compartment. Trans orange minifig heads in the compartment. I think they're supposed to be saturnic charges. Side storage compartment. The back of the ship. How those trans orange minifig heads fallout. There is a magnet on the inside of the ship. But for what... The secret prison which also has a magnet on the top so it can stay on but easily come out. The doors on it can lift up to put prisoners inside. 1 of 2 identical wing things. They can fold for flight mode. The controls. Bottom jet thing. LET ME OUT OF HERE! The prison is great for capturing small children. 4. Overall Build: 7/10 Impossible to build without a hard stable surface. Minifigs: 10/10 2 Exclusive figs. Design: 7/10 Nowhere near to scale but has some nice features. Parts: 8/10 Good parts like that big cockpit canopy. Price: 9/10 For the price I got it was pretty good especially with the figs it comes with. Playability: 7/10 Lots of features but it would be better if it came with a JSF. Overall: 9/10 Lots of features and comes with exclusive minifigs. Edited by KimT, 04 August 2008 - 11:44 AM. indexed"], [0, "Thanks again Skipper for producing yet another review to go into the index. I like this Slave1, but sadly I must admit that I like the really old version better. Boba Fett's Slave1 that is, even though is grossly undersized I think it's better than this one belonging to his father Jango. KimT"], [1, 'I have all three of the Slave I ships, and I agree with KimT...although it is a very small, compact ship, the first Slave I (Boba Fett) is still the sturdiest. The newest Slave I (Boba Fett) is not bad, and is of much better construction than this Slave I from Jango Fett. Even though I like the size and scale of the Jango Slave I and the newest Boba Fett Slave I...when you pick that very first one up, it had the feeling of....."You can throw me against the wall, drop me off the roof of your house, or let 4 two year olds play with me...I\'M NOT GONNA BREAK!" At least thats\'s my opinion. Good review'], [1, 'stash2sixx, on Aug 3 2008, 05:19 PM, said: I have all three of the Slave I ships, and I agree with KimT...although it is a very small, compact ship, the first Slave I (Boba Fett) is still the sturdiest. The newest Slave I (Boba Fett) is not bad, and is of much better construction than this Slave I from Jango Fett. Even though I like the size and scale of the Jango Slave I and the newest Boba Fett Slave I...when you pick that very first one up, it had the feeling of....."You can throw me against the wall, drop me off the roof of your house, or let 4 two year olds play with me...I\'M NOT GONNA BREAK!" At least thats\'s my opinion. Good review That\'s the exact explaination I was looking for. The old one feels...well...it\'s just special. KimT'], [0, "I never got the original Boba fett's slave 1. I wish they would make one to scale with the minifigures. I would be so cool. I am also putting up a review of the Clone Turbo Tank probably tomorrow. It is a different variation to the one in the index. Edited by Skipper 24, 03 August 2008 - 07:12 PM."], [-1, 'Personally, I hated that set. I fell apart way to easily and was just not built well.'], [0, "Thanks for the review. It looks like an interesting set, even if not as good as Boba's. Skipper 24, on Aug 3 2008, 08:11 PM, said: I never got the original Boba fett's slave 1. I wish they would make one to scale with the minifigures. I would be so cool. You mean it would be so cool? I agree that it would be, if they made a large minifig scale version like with the UCS Millenium Falcon. I would probably try to buy that. Edited by Shoc, 03 August 2008 - 08:31 PM."], [0, "Very good review! There's only one thing you did wrong: [quote name='Skipper 24' post='337180' date='Aug 3 2008, 08:46 AM']The controls. I got this set for a very low price as well, and for that, it's a very nice parts pack with 2 neat, exclusive figs!"], [0, "Nice Review! I will say i like the latest Slave I the best as it is longer than Jango's. I haven't seen the first one so i cant really comment."], [-1, "That was indeed a set that never appealed to me. Its build was just plain wrong and awful. I only bought it because I found it on clearance at around 15€ (and they had 4 of them. If I had known better then, I'd have bought all 4; Seeing how much that Jango Fett minifig is worth now... ) But I ended up heavily modifying it in its propoions and now it looks ok next to the new Slave One (which is the best one of its 3 incarnations, I think)"], [1, "I got the Original JSF for Christmas, which I might buy and review. Wonderful set, the Obi in this one is really awesome and it's really just a great ship, sticker free. Probably my favourite, I'd fly it if any ship from Star Wars. Maybe I should get it and the Slave I from Episode II... after all, I like Jango despite having a crap story."], [0, 'Very good review! I have he newest Slave I and I like it more than this one. DSR'], [0, 'Okay I have fixed that pic (thanks Oky wan). I have modified this but then yesterday I built it back to its original state to review it.'], [0, "you added some decals to the Jango figure, right ? They seem to be suffering a little. I remember buying this set from the discount tent after my first visit to Legoland Windsor. I wasn't sure whether to buy it, even in their sale ... but I was glad I did once I'd built it :)"], [0, 'Yep those decals are suffering. I am going to apply some new ones now with proper paper.'], [0, "I really want one of these, if only it wasn't expensive. I probably won't buy it because it'd be scraped for parts too quick. Great review though."], [0, 'Good review. I always wanted to know how it was different to the Boba Fett Slave I. I would probably only get this though for Jango Fett. The newer one looks sturdier and proportioned better IMO.'], [1, 'A very nicely done review. I remember getting this Slave I - it was my first large Star Wars set.'], [1, 'Outback Desert Racer G\'day Mates! Today from the Legoland\'s Desert Down Under, I\'ll be sharing an image review of Outback Set #6550, Desert Racer Set #: 6550 Theme: Outback Year Released: 1997 Piece Count: 48 Minifigs: 1 List Price: $4 (USD) Starting with an image of the box: And the back side with three alternate models: Instructions and decals: The pieces: A side view of the vehicle: Diagonal view: One minifig: And the complete set: PROS: - Price is under $5 ($4 USD retail) - good impulse set - Goes well with other Outback sets - Combination of yellow and green pieces - Working doors and liftable top for playability CONS: - Stickers on doors, hood, and 1x4 tile. No printed pieces - No accessories (a wrench, gas can, and other extras would have added to the set) - No extra tire for blow outs SUMMARY: I picked this set up new a number of years ago as a true "Impulse Buy", after buying one of the larger Outback sets (Amazon Crossing or Outback Airstrip). It\'s a neat little addition to the theme with its working doors and playability factor. Although I only built it once before today, I would buy again if I had the opportunity. Hooroo for now! Some good Aussie music to leave you with: Down Under'], [1, 'This set looks liek a good buy for $4. Wish it was still around, but Like you said, it needs accessories.'], [0, "I remember having this set (actually i even still have it, at least the pars are SOMEwhere ) when i was a child, and i used it for making races, as it is there for. All these many reviews let me think again at that i also planned to make some reviews for the town section. I got your message TheBrickster, don't worry! I got a lot to do at the moment, but i should find some time this upcoming week."], [1, "Manta, on Aug 3 2008, 10:33 AM, said: Wish it was still around. Even though, little sets <$10, like the new Coast Guard 4WD & Jet, and the Quad are great little City sets. Lego seems to be returning to good quality small sets with their latest City line-up. metalandi, on Aug 3 2008, 10:46 AM, said: I remember having this set (actually i even still have it, at least the pars are SOMEwhere ) when i was a child, and i used it for making races, as it is there for. You should look for them and resurrect it. It really feels good after you've found all the pieces and put a set back together again (as it was when you first bought it)."], [0, "This little set really makes my point small playable inspiration to build the set into a few other models, Great set I wish I had it my town is going to need more vehicles. I really miss main model instructions with alternate build idea's."], [0, "I can prodly say I own this little bugger. It's not much, but it is a nice addition to the series. They are also easy to build, so you can get a rally going quite fast. Stauder."], [1, "7261 Clone Turbo Tank Parts: 801 Figs: 8 Price: £70.00 (ouch! ) EDIT: new box pics added. My version of the set comes with a normal Mace Windu figure and an extra clone trooper. Also the Mace Windu, BARC trooper and jet trooper minifigs were exclusive to the set (Well you could make the jet trooper yourself) . Also my set came with 4 extra blasters (you'll see them later) and Baby blue vent things instead of trans blue. 1.Manual & Box The front of the box. The box compared to the motorized AT-AT and the hailfire droid and dwarf spider droid. Minifgs. The back which has pics of the sets functions and alternate models. Inside the box it has a white cardboard divider probably for strength seeming as the box it so flimsy. Pretty hefty manual. The TT manual compared to the one of the AT-AT ones. Random shot. Another random shot. Poster at the back of the manual 2. General set and minifigs The whole set. I accidentally left one of the plates up when I took the pic. Close up of the figs. Two battle droids come with blasters and a mini turret. The republic. From L-R: Jet Trooper, Mace Windu (not LUL), BARC Trooper, Normal Clone, The Commander, Look out. Jet pack. Mace's torso. BARC trooper legs. BARC trooper torso. He has got to be my favorite clone trooper by TLC. The mysterious commander. On LSW he was called Cody (right) but he has star corps Armour making him commander Bly (left) . Normal Clone and the look out Clone with electro binoculars. 3. Speeder Bike Side view of the BARC Speeder. Menacingish front view. (is menasingish a word?) Printed back engine piece. One of my shield things came with a crumpled handle it is worse than it looks in the pic. 4. The turret The turret. It can rotate and point upwards. But what if you want to blast all those Battle droids that are shorter than the height of the turret blasters... add another hinge in! That extra hinge in action. 5. The Tank It's to big to get a decent side view pic Johnny the cabin boy on the crows nest. Front 2 seater cockpit. The 2 seats. Better be careful you don't fall off your seat there are some pretty big gaps down the sides. Back cockpit with dual missile launchers. The back seat. The engine. The large central storage. The turret controls fold down to lock into place so it doesn't fall out when driving. You can put 2 minifigs up top. Mace and a Clone driving. you can see those 4 extra blasters, 2 orange at the front of the pic and 2 between the chairs. The turret and jet trooper. BARC trooper on the BARC speeder. The commander on the lift chair in the back cockpit. Another shot of that chair. 6. Overall Build: 8/10 Quite enjoyable because it incorporates Technic and system parts. Minifigs: 9/10 On a set this size it has quite a lot including some exclusives such as the BARC trooper but it could of had a droid or 2 more. Design: 7/10 way out of scale but generally pretty strong due to the technic frame. Parts: 7/10 Lots of plates and nice minifig parts. Price: 6/10 Justifiable because of the amount of figs in the set. Playability: 7/10 Includes some CIS units to fight the clones. Overall:8/10 Needs more droids and it could be bigger. I will also probably have a break form reviewing for now seeming as I have just put out a whole load of reviews. Edited by KimT, 09 August 2008 - 08:51 PM. indexed as 7261 Review 2"], [1, "Nein! You rejected LUL. LUL's are awesome! Thanks for the review! I like the set a lot, Mace is only featured here. Great fig of him too, I like the grey Jedi Robes torso. Cody is great as with the other figs. The tank's probably a second favourite, next to the mighty AT-AT of course."], [0, 'I hate how the original release had the light-up Windu, which was really lame, and one less clone trooper. I bought it when it first came out, so missed out on a good Windu and another clone trooper.'], [0, 'Thanks for the review, I\'ll index it later. I\'ve added a poll, so that members can vote their opinion and refrain from useless comments like "awesome!!" (This has been done to all reviews in the SW review index). Keep up the good work. This is one of my favourite sets - I have both versions and as it is known, the only difference is the minifigs. I really like the tank, it has great playability and if it had wings, I\'d definately swoosh it. KimT'], [0, 'Did your version without the LUL mace have trans blue grill things (like the ones on the back of the speeder) ? Or was my set a one off.'], [1, 'I got the original version of this set with the LULS Mace Windu figure. When TLC released the non-LULS version I managed to swap - they sent me the new version (and a Clone Trooper IIRC) and I mailed them back the old version. This was a great set; the suspension worked great and it rolled magnificently. Nice review with good photos, but again your price is a little off: £69.99 is the RRP (unless the price you paid was £80). TK'], [0, "hanks for the price. I got the set a while ago and couldn't remember correctly I have now changed it."], [0, "Skipper 24, on Aug 4 2008, 04:04 PM, said: Did your version without the LUL mace have trans blue grill things (like the ones on the back of the speeder) ? Or was my set a one off. I bought mine online, thinking it was the new version but I ended up with that very lame LUL fig. I just hate that fig... It's completely useless, we can't use any part of it for anything (although, I only discovered yesterday that the lightsaber blade was a standard one and not glued, as I always believed, so all isn't completely lost) In the end I still was rather disappointed by the set. It's too full of holes ( Hum; I think there's kind of a paradox in that sentence...)... But the BARC Speeder and green clone are indeed fantastic. Oh, and yes, mine came with sand blue grill parts instead of the trans-yellow ones... didn't realise it at first, and I spent half an hour cursing, thinking they forgot to put them in the box. But in the end, I don't know if the replacements are any better , since they're supposed to represent some kind of thruster light or something... All in all, I think it's my worst set... Not necessarily for the set itself which is OK, but psychologically, there's too many things that went wrong with it..."], [0, "Good set, but it's FLIMSY AS SIN (but that may have been my rush job building it). mine got shoved off a bed oh, and i lost my light up mace >.> Propably somewhere within the Blue Bin 'o' DOOM™ (AKA The Brick bucket™, Or Block/NULL™ ) Edited by maiq the liar, 04 August 2008 - 10:15 PM."], [1, 'Nice review AGAIN, Skipper. I passed on this one because of the price, but it\'s a nice set. Good for you for getting the newer version with non-LUL Mace and an extra clone. That purple blade sure is a beauty. The tank itself is alright, just an AT-AT on wheels, in my opinion. The turret is great, though, and so is the speeder bike. I didn\'t realize that the jet pack had two "nailguns" (harpoon guns) on it. I thought that the nailgun was a new piece... but the jetpack is very cool.'], [1, 'The Kid, on Aug 4 2008, 08:20 AM, said: I got the original version of this set with the LULS Mace Windu figure. When TLC released the non-LULS version I managed to swap - they sent me the new version (and a Clone Trooper IIRC) and I mailed them back the old version. This was a great set; the suspension worked great and it rolled magnificently. Nice review with good photos, but again your price is a little off: £69.99 is the RRP (unless the price you paid was £80). TK That was a great idea. I never even thought to send it back and get the new one with the other clone and the non LUL Windu.'], [1, '6701 Space Minifigures Review Set#: 6701 Set Name: Space Minifigures Released: 1983 Pieces: 36 (including minifigs) Minifigs: 6 Brickshelf Gallery Peeron.com Bricklink Brickset.com Introcomment: As I reignited my love for Classic Space a few years ago, I decided to start hunting sets I didn\'t have. This small one fell into my lap very cheap. With box and minifigs in great condition. So now I\'ve resized the pics and done the review. And NO I am NOT envious of this forum...really...I\'m not.... The Box. The box is pretty neat. It has a very comfortable size (compared to modern boxes) and the back of it shows what you get. I like the way they (TLG) split the minifigs and arranged everything neatly. Front: Rear Sadly the box has seen better days. But it\'s age taken into consideration, I think it\'s just fine. The figs: A fine collection of red, white and yellow space figs. Some great accesories to go as well. Not much more to say, except this was a great "army-builder"-set. A true must have for most Classic Space fans. The verdict: It\'s kinda hard rating this set, since it\'s a minifig supplemental set. No design or colourscheme to comment on. It has a lot of playability since figs will always come in handy when building/playing with your Space sets. KimT'], [0, 'Thanks for the review KimT. I gave this "Above Average". I believe I had this one, but it was so long ago... I\'m still a bit freaked out by the yellow ones! When I emerged from my Dark Ages I kept thinking "gee, I miss the people packs", but now that I have over 500 mini-figures I don\'t feel that way anymore. Even so, I wish they would re-release some of the classic old ones.'], [0, 'I voted "above average" as well, but back in 1983, I would have probably gone much lower. Sadly, I wasn\'t as interested in minifigs at the time. I appreciated the ones I had, but I really just wanted ships or bases, and would have gladly passed this by for something with one or two figures and a small moon rover. I skipped all of the classic minifig sets, space, castle and town. It was only upon coming out of my dark ages that I went minifig crazy. For me, this is above average because of the accessories. Without them, it\'s an average set. With a small brick built droid or a rover, it would be outstanding. That said, I\'d buy at least 10 copies now, though I\'d rather have a 4 figure set with one of each colour including blue. I never had blue back then. I think Castle lured me away. Thanks for an interesting review! It gives me a chance to further explore why I changed from ship/set to minifig fan and bore all of EB with it.'], [1, "An ancient set revived from KimT's collection! Just take a look at the box art. This is one classic space minifig pack which deserve high rating, and I gave it above average. I never had any of these classic space figs before. If TLG could ever released this again, I am pretty sure I will grab multiple packs without a glimpse. You need to build your space agents/astronauts with a little bit of accessories added to explore the unknown space. I love this pack very much. Thanks for sharing!"], [0, 'I wonder why this set had no blue or black astronauts? Whatever the case, I always loved the small minifig sets that Lego released, as I could never get enough astronauts. My favorite was the set of Futuron astronauts. Why would the yellow astronauts freak you out, Sinner? Is it because they look nekkid? ;-)'], [1, "Pretty nice set, but the newer minifig packs had greater variety in both the figures and equipment. My favorite one among all of them is 6704, which is also the only instance of both Blacktrons appearing in one set. Quote I wonder why this set had no blue or black astronauts? Whatever the case, I always loved the small minifig sets that Lego released, as I could never get enough astronauts. My favorite was the set of Futuron astronauts. I think the blue and black guys hadn't yet been released at the time of this set."], [-1, 'KDog, on Aug 5 2008, 04:45 AM, said: Why would the yellow astronauts freak you out, Sinner? Is it because they look nekkid? ;-) You bet! But this set is still the most freaky...'], [0, "LOL, I don't know what's going on there!"], [-1, "Sinner, on Aug 6 2008, 03:54 PM, said: You bet! But this set is still the most freaky... it's timmy and a nudist with the trains logo tatooed to his chest Edited by maiq the liar, 06 August 2008 - 07:02 PM."], [0, "He does have a cape, a cap and a bandana around his head. That's not the same as being bare as when born. EDIT: Oh yeah, he's also got red gloves on as well BTW What does this have to do with the 6701 Space Minifigures review?"], [-1, "I voted below average since I'm not a very big fan of Classic Space."], [-1, "Wearing a cape, hat and bandanna and nothing else makes it creepier! zero1312, on Aug 6 2008, 03:24 PM, said: I voted below average since I'm not a very big fan of Classic Space. *GASP*"], [-1, 'KDog, on Aug 6 2008, 10:27 PM, said: Wearing a cape, hat and bandanna and nothing else makes it creepier! *GASP* I second that. Both! (Wait, does that make it quadrophic? )'], [1, "Good set, nice accesories, and a good source of yellow figs, which seem to be rather rare... KDog, on Aug 7 2008, 12:27 AM, said: Wearing a cape, hat and bandanna and nothing else makes it creepier! It's Nude man! When he flys his butt whistles! Don't turn your back on him! Anyone who spends time on the internet should get the reference, I am lucky enough to own both shows on dvd :P Staudie. Edited by Stauder, 07 August 2008 - 03:16 PM."], [0, "maiq the liar, on Aug 6 2008, 07:01 PM, said: it's timmy and a nudist with the trains logo tatooed to his chest The train logo tattoo kinda makes him look like some kind of insane train worshiping cultist. Hail to train lego, master of moving by lighting!"], [1, '7674 V-19 Torrent Number of Pieces: 471 Number of Minifigs: 1 Price: £49.99 The V-19 Torrent starfighter was an assault fighter with exceptional speed and maneuverability used by the Galactic Republic during the Clone Wars.It was a predecessor of the Alpha-3 Nimbus-class V-wing starfighter, in terms of purpose and usage. It first appeared in the Genndy Tartakovsky?€™s Clone wars 2D series. Basics Box front: The box art shows the torrent flying above Tatooine, with the new blue and white ?€œclone wars?€? style packaging, Box back: The back shows some of the features of the set including the lifting mechanism and adverts for 7679 Republic Gunship, 7675 AT-TE and the 7673 MagnaGuard starfighter Inside the box, there are 2 instruction books, a very small DSS and 9 bags that are not numbered. Bags: Instruction books Random manual shot Parts list Book one is mainly the construction of the body and one of the engines, Book 2 is the other engine and the wings. For better pics of the manual look on lego\'s website. Sticker sheet: A very small sticker sheet is included, which includes 2 republic insignias and a nose sticker. Minifigure One minifigure is included, a clone pilot. The whole "OMG only one minifigure in this set" and "Its not movie accurate, i hate you TLC!!!11one2" has been beaten to death, so please don\'t make this review turn into that and to be honest i don\'t care because its an awesome figure. TLC have made the effort to print the life support device onto the chest plate so props to them. He has the "clone head" like the rest of the clones have in the CW releases, there are no extra clone bits apart from a long blaster, that\'s not included here. Interesting/other pieces Printed piece! Rare/unusual pieces: there are 2 pistons included, as well as 2 weird looking technic pieces that serve as the landing gear during the build. which might explain why the set is quite expensive, it musn\'t have been cheap to manufacture them. The build It starts off relatively simple, the first 16 steps is getting the basic shape of the cockpit and the mechanism to make the middle wing move up and down. After that the next few steps are getting the landing gear/wing folding device done, it\'s actually the same thing so when the wings move into attack mode the landing gear retracts. This is then locked into place by the white beams that form the basic shape of the fuselage. Up to step 46 is the fuselage, as well as fitting the hydraulics. This is what it looks like when the fuselage is complete. The cockpit is not "air tight", there\'s is quite a big gap Top: Bottom: The final few steps of book 1 is the construction of one of the engines, here it is attatched : The yellow bar is not permanent, its used to keep the white bit at the top from moving downwards. The steps are repeated in the second book so that both engines are now in On to the wings! First one attatched, The middle one is attached now: and finally the last one: It is now finished! The pieces that are left: So, you\'re probably wondering, how does it enter attack mode? well can you see this bar? push that bar to the center, and pick it up, the hydraulics move the central wing downwards as well as the side wings to enter attack mode: The outer wings have flickfire missiles on them, they obviously don\'t work, but it increases the playability of the set. The cockpit opens in a similar way to General Grevious\'s starfighter released last year, using a sliding mechanism For other pics see here : http://s25.photobuck...eview/?start=20 and i\'ll be taking other requests for pics, maybe a video of it switching between modes. Build: 7/10 very symmetrical build, the mechanism to move the wings might annoy some people. Minifigs: 5/10 1 fig in a £50 set, however it is a starfighter Design: 9/10 very accurate to the source material, Lego have really made the effort to make the movement feature work. Parts: 8/10 lots of technic, white and dark red pieces Price: 7/10 could be slightly cheaper, Playability: 6.5/10 need to buy some enemy sets to get the most of it, flick fires don\'t work. comments, requests, questions and criticisms welcome. Edited by KimT, 04 August 2008 - 06:48 PM. indexed and poll added'], [0, "Erhm... Where's the review? It would be nice to have a few pics of the V-19 itself and a few comments on it. Could You please add that? KimT"], [0, "I'm still reviewing it, the internet broke half way through it"], [0, "simonjedi, on Aug 4 2008, 05:57 PM, said: I'm still reviewing it, the internet broke half way through it The internet broke? That's bad news to all. Did You push this? I am eagerly awaiting the rest. KimT"], [1, "Thanks for the review, simonjedi. This just re-affirms that the V-19 is my highest priority this fall. Behind the RGS, of course. Is that new printed piece a 2 x 2 Tile? It looks like an excellent detail part for MOCing. Those black pieces used on the landing gear look very Bionicle-like. If they haven't been used before, I'd suspect they will be. Not that I'm a Bionicle expert or anything. It is a shame that this set only includes one clone. That seems to be the only drawback to the set. Everything else looks spot on."], [1, "First, thanks simonjedi for a great review. I'm interested in what you think of the hydrolics. I could spend hours just deploying and undeploying the wings and landing gear. I'm a little worried, the very first batch of the hydrolic piece for, umm, I think it was the off-road 4x4 Technic set, was very fragile and broke after a few uses. These seem to be holding up but I'm anxious to see if they hold up after 100-200 uses. quote name='Walter Kovacs' date='Aug 4 2008, 11:47 AM' post='337841'] Those black pieces used on the landing gear look very Bionicle-like. If they haven't been used before, I'd suspect they will be. Not that I'm a Bionicle expert or anything. [/quote] Right you are. They are Bionicle Bohrok head pieces. So pretty old in Bionicle terms and fairly useless in my opinion but they do make interesting looking landing gear as I deploy and redeploy the wings and landing gear. Hopefully, we'll get a pilot in the battle pack to help mitigate the fact we only get one here. -Tohst"], [0, "The printed part isn't new it came with 10178 motorized AT-AT walker. Also nice review, I would get the set if it was a little cheaper or came with more than 1 fig. Whyhas it got 2 instruction books the set isn't particularly big?"], [1, "Thanks for the review. I've added it to the index and added a poll in which members can vote their opinion on this set. I think this is a very good set. I like the colours and the very playable feature that allows the wings to lock in attack formation. Now all I need is to buy this baby. Edit: I gave it an Above Average rating, since it's well designed, looks sturdy and fits the SW theme sets perfectly."], [1, "Nice review Simon Jedi. The V-19 has been one of my favourite ships since the release of CWA and this is one of the sets I've been considering most about buying. It's great to see TLG's treatment of it. It looks like no expense was spared making it as aesthetically and functionally accurate as possible - though I think the cockpit windshield could maybe have been slightly bigger, but that's just me I'm sure. It looks pretty big compared to other starfighters too. Did it take a long time to build?"], [-1, "Great review simonjedi -- I really like that you included lots of photos of your build. I put together my V19 Torrent last night, and I was surprised by how heavy the completed ship is. It has some real heft. Once it's finished, WOW! it is a really cool ship. I was disappointed that the central wing doesn't really lock into place once it flips down. It just kind of droops there, so I attached a technic pin to the locking arm so it could plug into the 2x4 brick that's on the underside of the starfighter (this brick can be seen in your photo of the bottom of the ship). Overall, the build is one of the more confusing that I've seen (I had to dismantle and re-build the first engine after I realized I'd left out a piece) and I kept thinking of the poor 7-year-old that gets this set as his/her very first LEGO set ever."], [1, 'The V-19 was my first TCW set. I buyed it, when i was visiting my father. I just wanted to build it there, and I do so. But how do you will get sth.big like this with in the train?? So I had to destroy him. When I was still home again, I had to build it 3 times, because the mechanic dont works I only can say that the V-19 is one of the best TCW Sets. Thanks to you for the review simonjedi , I just wanted to make one in German. But now I needn`t to make it'], [0, 'pedro, on Aug 5 2008, 12:29 PM, said: It looks pretty big compared to other starfighters too. Did it take a long time to build? It took me 3 and a bit hours to build it, although i had some problems with the technic and i had to take pictures during the build.'], [1, 'Thanks for this excellent review simonjedi . This looks like an awesome set and this is the set I am most looking foward just as well as the Separatist Spider Droid (7681) .'], [1, 'the ability for it to fold in and out of attack position has wowed me. This is my top priority now. Thanks for making up my mind.'], [1, 'Hydraulic wings! I am very impressed and am now considering getting this set purely because of this funciton. I am just curious as to know why are there sand green parts on the bottom of the V-19. Is it visible when the model is completed? I am also pleased to see TLC giving us a printed cockpit computer this time around.'], [0, 'Rayman, on Oct 4 2008, 11:11 PM, said: Hydraulic wings! I am very impressed and am now considering getting this set purely because of this funciton. I am just curious as to know why are there sand green parts on the bottom of the V-19. Is it visible when the model is completed? I am also pleased to see TLC giving us a printed cockpit computer this time around. While I do like the functions and they way it is built, I cannot get into this model. First the price is a bit steep. I know all the CW sets are expensive but this one just seems more so to me. I mean there is only 1 fig in here. Second to me, there is no playability or display-ability. I gave below average.'], [-1, 'In addition to my last comment am I correct in saying that the left over yellow technic part was merely to hold parts together while building? Edited by Skipper 24, 10 October 2008 - 09:10 PM.'], [-1, "Skipper 24, on Oct 11 2008, 08:10 AM, said: In addition to my last comment am I correct in saying that the left over yellow technic part was merely to hold parts together while building? Yes I believe that the yellow technic is only used for the building. However I didn't find it neccessary. What a strange step..."], [-1, 'I built mine today. As soon as I tried to put it in attack position, the thingy rotates the wrong way and it falls apart. What a waste of $55'], [0, "Rayman, on Nov 29 2008, 10:16 PM, said: Yes I believe that the yellow technic is only used for the building. However I didn't find it neccessary. What a strange step... Its to hold the wing connectors in the the same place while the wing is being attached."], [0, "Actually we should care that there's only one fig in it since it's kind of expensive (though that's my opinion) , but the ship is really awesome . It's too bad there's not a battlepack that includes clone pilots. Edited by BRICKLANTA, 30 November 2008 - 06:15 AM."], [1, 'daxflame680, on Nov 30 2008, 01:03 AM, said: I built mine today. As soon as I tried to put it in attack position, the thingy rotates the wrong way and it falls apart. What a waste of $55 I suggest you to check again if you put the technic gear in the correct way cause if not than maybe that the problem . Also, I don?t think it is a waste in my opinion, the ship is very well designed and is actually pretty strong (Or at least mine ) and the pilot minifig is fantastic even if there is just one of them. Edited by darkrebellion, 30 November 2008 - 03:17 AM.'], [1, 'daxflame680, on Nov 30 2008, 02:03 AM, said: I built mine today. As soon as I tried to put it in attack position, the thingy rotates the wrong way and it falls apart. What a waste of $55 No not a waste. This is one of the best (if not the best) 2008 Star Wars set. All you need to do is build it correctly'], [0, "KimT, on Nov 30 2008, 10:01 AM, said: All you need to do is build it correctly Yes. Yes I do. I'm just kind of lazy. It just didn't work out for me is all."], [1, 'I love this set and I gave it "Outstanding". I might note though that the cylinder is just there as a dampener; when disenegaged the wing function still works, just not as smoothly. Interestingly though the cylinder is an old piece, (I have a few others) it\'s just that this is the first time it\'s been used without a spring... I had no problems assembling this set.'], [1, 'Having just bought myself a copy of the wonderful metroliner (4558) I felt like doing a review. Before we start I\'d like to thank Greenhair for selling me one of his metroliners for a mere 80 euros. Granted, the motor, "trainstation" and tracks weren\'t included but I did get an extra railcar instead. - * (please note that I have included the fourth wagon in the final pic but that the official set includes just three wagons.) The metroliner was released in 1992 and was extremely popular amongst lego fans. The set A picture of the box showing the set completely. (pic taken from peeron) and one of the minifigs and the accessories.: As you may notice, TLC was extremely generous, supplying us with a grand total of 11 minifgs amongst which no less than 4 female minifigs. Ah, the population crisis is finally over We also have three suitcases, three cups and a small freight parcel and freight handling thingy. Normally this would include two bicycles; a red and a black one. A general side view of the three carriages. (thanks to Greenhair and the Brickster) And here\'s one of the extra carriage. (thanks to Greenhair and the Brickster) Moving onto the front and back carriage, which are externally identical. Please note that Greenhair changed my back carriage\'s headlights. These would be yellow in the normal set. All the doors in the entire set are printed pieces. (sorry for the bad picture quality in this one) The interior of the two however is laid out a bit differently. The space in the front carriage is occupied by a cockpit (or whatever it is called in trains) and some space to store your cable connecting the front lights with the engine. I can imagine it must get quite cramped and dangerous for the minifig driver with all the cabling. Further back we have a quite random, weird looking engine. One part reminded me rather of a jet engine on a commercial airplane. The engine is accessible by means of the two side cargo doors. At the end of our first carriage we hit what looks like the train\'s restaurant, two tables and no chairs. The two middle carriages are identical, both have a small sink nicely hidden from the intervening and impolite looks of fellow passengers. The carriage further contains two tables and four seats. Two cargo spaces are nicely tucked away from view below the tables. Our final carriage has a back cockpit as well but differs from the front carriage in the central cargo area - where our train employee is hard at work earning his lego nickels - and the rear sleeping area. The bed is a double one, the upper one able to be flipped up for somewhat difficult access to the lower one. The train station I could not take photos off since it was not included in the purchase. Judging from the building plans however I feel it was thrown in at the end just to add \'something\' to the set. Its construction is very simple, consisting of a few grey plates on top of a few pillars. Access is provided by a plate which is connected to the platform with a few hinges. There are however two lamp posts, a timetable and a few chairs so if you don\'t like the platform you can still use these parts in a variety of other constructios. To end off I took a pic of the complete set (with extra wagon) and a friendly surprised train driver opening the door and greeting the camera man. Conclusion Being a \'90s set, the train basically builds itself. The entire build cost me two hours and a half (I lost quite some time simply admiring the set) and was extremely straightforward with no suprises at all, but I need to admit it has its charm. The exterior is simply amazing. The sleekness of the design, the colours, it matches perfectly! I believe however that a width of 8 studs would be more to scale but 6 wide still looks amazing. The interior is somewhat simplistic but is easily moddeable with a few extra pieces. I basically bought the train as a parts pack. The standard set (three wagons) includes no less than 8 train doors with windows, 14 train windows, 4 smaller longer ones and 4 freight doors. The front and back of course count as unique pieces as well. One feature I am displeased with are the printed doors. I like printed pieces and while the blue-white-red stripe looks beautiful on the side the printed doors kind of limit MOCing capabilities to carriages with a stripe on the side. I considered simply removing the stripe but I found out I could just get normal grey ones from bricklink for a fair price. I am very pleased with the train but since you already know my opinion, feel free to tell us yours of this fabulous set! Edited by TheBrickster, 09 July 2009 - 01:51 PM. Poll question was not multiple choice, switched to radio group'], [1, 'I voted outstanding, this is simply an amazingly good looking train and comes with indeed 11 minifigs! I sold this one because i need a budget to build my ship, but i kept one because i love it! Not bad for a first review Ruben!'], [0, 'Ah, i wish modern trains had 11 figs... But seriously, why is there a civilian train stop in a CAVE?! did 1 too many people get lost playing ZORK? Edited by maiq the liar, 04 August 2008 - 10:21 PM.'], [1, "I remember to literally jump of joy when my grand-father offered it to me for Christmas... It's an amazing set, the train is really beautiful and it comes with 11 (!) MFs, so can somebody ask for more?"], [0, "Thanks for the edit Hinckley! It's my first poll (and review) and I wasn't quite sure if I got it right maiq the liar, on Aug 5 2008, 12:20 AM, said: But seriously, why is there a civilian train stop in a CAVE?! did 1 too many people get lost playing ZORK? Yeah, I also wondered why the included timetable includes not only real life cities, instead of brick ones. Even more so since the train track just goes round. =D"], [1, "Oh Ruben you lucky so and so this set is one of the most beautful i have ever seen! Splendid looking build and 11 figures, all the same faces like but still you get that old woman pig-tail head piece which is just great! I thought you meant the monorail set when you told me about this but guess i was wrong (don't laugh i've been away from lego for quite some time) and for 80 euros it was a real bargain from a great friend! Really nice review hope this sets brings you years of joy!"], [1, 'Cool Review. I actually have two of these. I got one for christmas when it was rereleased in 2003 and another one in a charity shop a few months later for €5. I love the minifigs even if they all have smileys, and having two sets of them can really fill up a town.'], [1, "It's great to see someone reviewing a TRAIN! This set is definately a FIVE! Lego hasn't made a complete train SET like this in a long time. The Metroliner is really a legend among classic trains. The great level of playability and detailing makes it a terrific model. Specifically, I was just noticing the details of the passenger car. It has a sink! - How cool is that? And 11 minifigs - when was the last time Lego included 11 figs in a single set? A truly outstanding train set. Thanks for sharing images as I've always wanted to see it up-close. It would be awesome if you could share some single side shots of the cars."], [1, "I'm not normally that big into trains but this set has a real coolness factor that sets it apart from most of the others. The color scheme is the same one that Amtrak and many local subway systems use. I picked it up along with the club car expansion when they were re-released in 2001. I have made various modifications to mine, rearranging the car layouts and adding a second train motor into the rearmost car along with another set of lights, so that both ends light up. As you said, it would be great to have an 8-stud version of this, so you could fit in two rows of seats side by side. That might make a nice mod project at some point."], [1, 'Outstanding train set. The LEGEND of the entire train series, is the Metroliner. This is a "Super 5" set. The color, design, minifigs is just so perfect and lovely. It resemble the trains which we see on our rails in our daily life. I can\'t find any flaws on this at all. The only flaw I noticed is my mistake of not able to buy this set at all. In fact, I had never seen this set in the shops before in my entire life. TheBrickster, on Aug 5 2008, 09:23 AM, said: How cool is that? And 11 minifigs - when was the last time Lego included 11 figs in a single set? There is another set fufil the criteria above, which is also a well known LEGEND. It has 12 minifigs which is the 10159 City Airport aka Century Skyway Airport.'], [1, "Nice review I collect all metroliner i can, i have 3 metroliner and when i can, i buy a other . My aim : Have the more big metroliner collect, in France ( in first time ) It's my favorite set"], [1, "Ahh, the good old train theme. How i wish TLG would make such great trains today, now that the quality of city sets has improved so much. That really brings back memories, even if i didn't have this one, but a cargo train that came out about the same time period, maybe plus a few years. I don't have any trains myself at the moment, mostly because i'm afraid i haven't got enough space to put in on display with all the rails and stuff."], [1, 'Really Nice Train, I always wished TLG would have made the passenger IR train longer and maybe used some of the nice features of this train, I still love that faucet piece.'], [1, "This is a great review of a great set, Hairy Ruben! I voted for Outstanding since the only thing you can say about this train set is that it is outstanding. It has been the best passenger train in all the time from Lego's beginning on until now. I bought the rereleased version of it in 2003 - and I really, really do not regret it! Klaus-Dieter"], [1, 'I also voted "Outstanding", for the simple reason that I\'ve owned this set for a long time, but for most of the time it\'s been an anonymous heap of bricks mixed with all the other bricks I have. So about a year ago I started rebuilding it, and it now sits proudly next to (also rebuilt) 2150 on my shelf. IMO; It\'s an excellent set, best of the 9V passenger trains, no doubt. And it combines the best of the 80\'s trains with that of the 90\'s - it\'s not some futuristic panorama-glassed low-slung train, but an honest, realistic-looking train that captures many of the features that passenger trains used to (and in some cases; still) have.'], [0, 'Hairy Ruben, on Aug 5 2008, 12:00 AM, said: The interior of the two however is laid out a bit differently. The space in the front carriage is occupied by a cockpit (or whatever it is called in trains) and some space to store your cable connecting the front lights with the engine. I can imagine it must get quite cramped and dangerous for the minifig driver with all the cabling. Further back we have a quite random, weird looking engine. One part reminded me rather of a jet engine on a commercial airplane. The engine is accessible by means of the two side cargo doors. At the end of our first carriage we hit what looks like the train\'s restaurant, two tables and no chairs. There shouldn\'t be so much of the light cable in the front section or "cockpit." Most of the cable should be in the central part of the train. Then it is not so crowded for the engine driver. I have never had a problem with the cable and the space available for it. The only problem I had was that the cable had a loose contact after some time. When the train went into a curve (can\'t remember if it was a left or right curve) the light went off. I have now got the same problem with the cable that I put into my Santa Fe Super Chief. Always when the engine turns into a right curve, the light goes off. My dad could repair the cable for the metroliner. Even though he is quite skilled at repairing electronic things, he found it very difficult to repair since there were no screws to open the electronic plate. It annoyed him a lot. So I\'ve been asking myself if I should really bother him with a second cable with the same problem. The train set itself is outstanding (and that\'s what I voted for). I only have the legend 10001, but it\'s 99% identical to 4558. I also have club car 4547. I don\'t have the legend club car 10002. The reason for this is I always had the choice between one big LEGO set or several small ones for Christmas when I was a child. I always went for several small ones. Metroliner 4558 would have been a big train set, but I really wanted a passenger car. So I bought 4547 with my savings without having the metroliner. I was quite happy when the metroliner was re-released. I bought it with my own money. Then I could finally use the club car with the train it was created for. Edited by legotrainfan, 15 August 2008 - 07:55 PM.'], [0, "I don't like the set and I do like the set. The reason why I like it: it looks good. The reason why I hate it: this train was the first train for the new 9v system and it means to me the end of the beautiful 12v series. For this last reason I own this set. I voted average. Only strange they named it metroliner. In Holland when we speak of a metro, I need to think at short distance trains only used in big cities like Rotterdam. And your minifigs at pic ain't right according the instruction ."], [0, 'Panda9001100, on Aug 16 2008, 07:37 AM, said: Only strange they named it metroliner. In Holland when we speak of a metro, I need to think at short distance trains only used in big cities like Rotterdam. It was only named Metroliner in the US, because of the color scheme is similar to the real-life Metroliner. I believe in EU it was called the Euro-Express, and probably just "passenger train" wherever that would be suitable. The product-number 4558 is universal, though. Hairy Ruben, you don\'t have a review of the double-decker/club car on the way, do you? I myself never got it, and I am seriously considering buying one from Bricklink, plus it is more-or-less an requirement for this train (one of very few double-decker cars to actually stay within the general outer dimensions of the train).'], [1, 'My favourite, favourite, FAVOURITE old set. It\'s too bad I was born 2 years after its release, I would have had a major interest in Classic Town. I might actually get this one on Bricklink... not that it\'ll go for a good price (I\'ll only buy if it does you see). An "Outstanding", a highly useful and well-made set that really just stands out from its counterparts. Edit: NEVERMIND. Edited by Dovchenko, 16 August 2008 - 10:25 AM.'], [0, 'Well it makes the latest trains look crap.'], [0, 'Calvin, on Aug 16 2008, 12:59 PM, said: Well it makes the latest trains look crap. Good point .'], [0, "Skinny Boy, on Aug 5 2008, 01:51 AM, said: Cool Review. I actually have two of these. I got one for christmas when it was rereleased in 2003 and another one in a charity shop a few months later for €5. I love the minifigs even if they all have smileys, and having two sets of them can really fill up a town. 5euro! wow I didn't know charity shops sold Lego. I'm in Dublin, is the shop near me? You check out charity shops often or you just happened to come across it?"], [0, "Panda9001100, on Aug 16 2008, 08:37 AM, said: And your minifigs at pic ain't right according the instruction . I'm sorry, can you be a bit more specific about what you mean? Freddie, on Aug 16 2008, 11:41 AM, said: Hairy Ruben, you don't have a review of the double-decker/club car on the way, do you? I myself never got it, and I am seriously considering buying one from Bricklink, plus it is more-or-less an requirement for this train (one of very few double-decker cars to actually stay within the general outer dimensions of the train). I wish I could. Sadly however I do not have the double deck carriage. If I happen to see one for a decent price I will most definitely pick it up."], [0, "Hairy Ruben, on Aug 17 2008, 09:17 PM, said: I'm sorry, can you be a bit more specific about what you mean? Yes I can. When you look at this instruction: Then at your pic: Look at your first female. She had the wrong hairtail ;) . Edited by Panda9001100, 18 August 2008 - 07:42 AM."], [1, 'I never got this set I spent a long time after one Christmas trying to get and failed miserably, admittedly I was much younger then. It has however remained one of my most sought after items but I’ve still never got around to getting one. The set generally makes me rather nostalgic for a time when the trains were painted in simple liveries like that one! Anyway it seems an excellent set from what I’ve seen and the figure selection is amazing. I hope Lego produce something as good as this when the new trains are released next year.'], [1, "I got my Indy exclusive in the mail today. Packaging Front: Back: Instructions: Mini-figs This set comes with 1 mini-fig, the standard Indy with hat and whip-no satchel: The build I am really happy with the amount of frown headlight bricks that come with this set. 12 in all: The mudguards are cleverly built with 1 x 2 panels and 1 x 1 panel corners in dark green. In the first 2 pages of the instructions, there are a lot of great pieces. This set would sell like mad if it were released for sale. Parts monkeys alone would go insane buying these up for the dark green and frown pieces: The body of the car consists of black plates, brackets and modified bricks with curved tops that allow the dark green mudguards to just peak out. Cool technique: The grill looks cool using only six pieces. I wish all small sets were this unique and cool: Here's the completed jeep. It looks a little small for an actual jeep, but for a brickmaster set, it's awesome, IMO: Some more detail shots of the set with Indy in the driver's seat: I hope they take BrickMaster exclusives overseas because it'd be awesome if everybody could get these. My buddy CopMike would probably love to be the first to review this set, so I've dedicated my review comic to him: My rating Playability: 8/10 (You need to add some other sets and characters to really play with this set) Design: 9/10 (Great techniques and inclusion of rare parts, but loses a point for being an unrealistic size for a jeep) Price: 10/10 (Part of the BrickMaster package, it is a reasonable prize for an exclusive set and everything else that comes with the subscription) Overall: 9/10 (Great, but not perfect and definitely needs to be offered overseas. LEGO would make a ton of money releasing this for sale, IMO as it really is a terrific small set.)"], [1, 'Super review, thanks. Simply put, I\'d have to admit this is one of the best Indy sets. And in such a small package. It\'s a very detailed lil\' jeep, and that\'s why I like it. I have this too, but I don\'t want to open it since it\'s exclusive. Wait, I thought we were calling it "rown" and not "frown"'], [1, "Thanks for the review Hinckley! I love this set! I still haven't renewed my BM subscription, but i'm sure I can find this on ebay or bricklink. And what an addition this would be to my army. Edited by ~VBBN~, 05 August 2008 - 01:32 AM."], [1, "Nice review Hinckley. I just got mine as well by paying quite a high price for it since its exclusive to US. However, I had not opened it yet and I left it in my friend's car. I gave it for an above average for that cool little jeep. For an exclusive BrickMaster set, this is certainly one of the best vehicles I had ever seen. I like its construction built. If this is ever released in the main stream, I am sure it will be a hit to get a small sized Indiana Jones set."], [1, "Outstanding set and review, thanks for presenting it! I've had this since it first came out, but didn't think it would be that impressive, so I didn't bother opening it. Now, I'm tempted. Aside from the slight size issue, I can't find anything here to gripe about, except for the limited availability. I want 5. I think that makes me a parts monkey. Eek eek. You're exactly right about this selling like mad. It's another one of those missed opportunities for TLG. Sure, it's nice to get people to subscribe by offering it as part of BrickMaster, but in the long run, put it in the stores for $6 and sell a million. Just give us Indy's manbag, we need it for postal employees and such. As is the running joke whenever I comment on one of your reviews, I'd give this a solid 985. Not out of anything, just 985. Or, in clearer terms: + 1/2 (though I voted 5)"], [1, "Nice review! I would like to get this set... unfortunately I don't get Brickmaster mag, and the prices on BL/ ebay will most likely be ridiculous. I wonder why Indy doesn't come with his murse (man purse) in this set? Thats the best part of the fig. The jeep itself is very nice, especially with the dark green. By the way, what is frown? Brownish... something, I guess. Oh yeah, and funny comic."], [1, 'Looks really nice, if they keep making BM sets like this, I might actually subscribe... Nice comic too, remind me not to run into Copmike and his gloveless hand...'], [0, 'JimButcher, on Aug 4 2008, 09:09 PM, said: By the way, what is frown? Brownish... something, I guess. fake+brown=frown Faramir, on Aug 4 2008, 09:11 PM, said: Nice comic too, remind me not to run into Copmike and his gloveless hand... In Sweden, the latex gloves are yellow...'], [1, "I really enjoyed getting this set in the mail. Its such a great small set and a good example of how smaller vehicles can have great details on them too. The only drawback is that I didn't get another satchel for my various uses for them."], [1, "Thanks for the cool review, Hinckley. When I saw the picture originally I thought it looked good, but not that good. But seeing the pictures in your review, I love this, I voted it as outstanding because it has great parts, and a brilliant construction, ingenious perhaps! SirNadroj, on Aug 5 2008, 02:30 AM, said: Simply put, I'd have to admit this is one of the best Indy sets. I agree. It's so sad we Europeans can't get it..."], [0, 'Hinckley, on Aug 5 2008, 05:31 AM, said: In Sweden, the latex gloves are yellow... In Sweden the Police make fun of YOU! Stauder.'], [1, "Thanks for this great review hinckley! I agree with you this set has to be released as normal set. I just recognized how clever the building technique is, you couldn't see that on the packaging shots we got before. Hopefully i'm able to grab this off ebay or somewhere else sometime!"], [1, 'Surprisingly well designed set for Lego OVERLORDS... I mean brickmasters!'], [1, 'Thanks for the good review ! I can´t wait for mine to arrive! And just think how close PaulC was in his reverse building of this which turned into a Event Exclusive in Billund ! He was just wrong on the color of the headlight bricks (black instead of frown) and the rear bumper stuff which couldn´t be seen on the bag picture! Kudos PaulC! As for my badass patrol car and the SOP (standard operation procedure) of cavity searches there´s more to see here over at BrickZone - here´s a teaser: CopMike'], [1, "CopMike, on Aug 6 2008, 03:49 PM, said: here´s a teaser: CopMike That looks a bit odd out of context. Great teaser. What a cool site you've linked to. I love it! Thanks. I'm glad you guys liked the review and I hope everyone gets a chance to own this little gem...for a reasonable price."], [1, '6804 Surface Rover Review Set#: 6804 Set Name: Surface Rover Released: 1984 Pieces: 16 Minifigs: 1 (white classic space minifig) Brickshelf Gallery Peeron.com Bricklink Brickset.com Introcomment: I have to keep my fondness for space going and since I\'m no fan of the still "new" Life On Mars Mars Mission theme, I\'ve decided to give you another review of a small Classic Space set. More to come in the following days. The Box. Unfortunately I haven\'t got the box for this set. But peeron.com was kindly enough to support me with a proper pic. And as usual this is a small easily brought home sized box. Oddly TLG doesn\'t add the "flip" on top anymore. I remember standing in toystores, pulling 6 or more sets down from the hanger before accesing the one I wanted. It gave buying LEGO sets that threasure hunting touch. [snaps out of his daydreaming]... A small box with a picture of what you get. I\'ve got no rear pic, so I can\'t tell if TLG did the same as on the 6701 set (split up the inventory). The fig: One single white classic space minifig. This is the worst one in my opinion. I never liked those white guys. And they get easily damaged by the sun. Nah! Give me a red or yellow instead (later blue or black). The Surface Rover: BOTH I am the lucky owner of two of them. (Yes this is a small showoff ) SIDE Though small, I still think this is a neat little set. Compared to the modern "impulse" sets, this is high competable. I like the simplicity of the small classic space sets and this is no exception. The SR is made from very usable bricks, that can easily be used for making ship/base/craft MOCs. REAR As you can see, one of them has been used for surface exploration for many years. It could do with some replacements, but I haven\'t had the time, yet. The verdict: A fine little classic set. Not much more than that. It holds some useful bricks and worked fine as an "impulse" back then. The classic children\'s birthday presents during the early 80\'s. I got quite a few space and town sets back then. Remember to vote your opinion on this set. I gave it "average" for the bricks, the price (back then) and as an all in all conclusion. KimT'], [1, "Nice review! KimT, on Aug 5 2008, 07:16 AM, said: The fig: One single white classic space minifig. This is the worst one in my opinion. I never liked those white guys. And they get easily damaged by the sun. Nah! Give me a red or yellow instead (later blue or black). Even though they get damaged by the sun easily they're my favorite kind ."], [1, 'This set easily is above average for me. I had this as a little child, and whenever any of my relatives came to visit us, they brought me some Lego. Usually it was either this set or 6844 The really nice thing about this set are the alternate builds. For the low price you got a nice range of parts and cool ideas what to build with them. You could build a fleet of Rovers, or the alternates, and everytime it was huge fun :)'], [0, "I voted Average. It's a cute set, and one which I built from parts many times as a kid. (I didn't own the set though.) Thanks for the review!"], [-1, "I voted below average since I'm not a big fan of Classic Space."], [0, "Outback Amazon Crossing G'day Mates! Another fine review from the Legoland's Desert Down Under. This set makes for an excellent addition to your jungles, deserts, outbacks, or other wild and untamed places. Set #: 6490 Theme: Outback Year Released: 1997 Piece Count: 117 Minifigs: 1 List Price: $15 (USD) Starting with an image of the box, one can conclude that this doesn't look like the Amazon at all, but rather the Outback: On the back of the box are some great alternate models, including a creative idea for a crocodile zoo scene: The instructions have the same images on the front and back: The set comes with one Outback fig, a man dressed in green with a bright red cap - I call him the Crocodile Hunter. Also included in this set is a crocodile, some bones, a skull, backpack, pan, and a few extra trans. round 1x1s. The tools are pictured on the truck: Now here's a great desert/rugged terrain truck: Ready for some 4-wheel'n fun. I love the liftable top window/sun roof and the windshield. I like the use of these colored trans. blue pieces that contrast against the yellow, rather than hide like regular clear pieces: The truck has a few hooks/clips to attach a pick, rifle, antena, and camera. Also attached is a water/oil can and an extra tire that just rests in the back section: The front end of the truck has a great winch and hook to help the truck out of hard places: Working suspension helps the vehicle travel on rough terrain: The truck is just half the fun. This set also offers a nice bridge/creek bed for the truck to drive across: I like the use of six fence/ladder pieces for the bridge. The two in the center have double open sides. Here's the left side: And the right side with a single burp as a mountain/hill: I really like the use of the tan and brown baseplates representing desert and water. The complete set as the Crocodile Hunter tries to climb back into the truck after attaching the winch: Final Thoughts: I've always liked this little set. It offers a great amount of playability with the wonderful little 4-stud wide truck and bridge scene. A few years ago, Playmobil offered a Desert Racing Theme and had this set as my favorite of the collection: Desert racing and adventures through dry creeks and rough terrain make for a great theme. Hope you enjoy this review and consider picking up an Outback set (or two) if you can still buy at a reasonable price. Happy Outbacking! The complete Outback theme: 6444 Outback Airstrip 6487 Mountain Rescue 6490 Amazon Crossing 6550 Outback Desert Racer 6553 Crisis News Crew EDIT: I dedicate this review to the memory of Steve Irwin (1962 - 2006): TRIBUTE"], [1, "Thanks for this review, if you'd only know what memories you brought back! I think i remember this set better than any other i had, when i was a child. Some time after i got it, i decided to disassemble it and combine it with the jeep from 6552 Rocky River Retreat. It came out pretty good, though. As it became the main attraction point of my town (beeing the car of my favourite minifig back then, and, and, and... looong story ), i kept it assembled that way from this day on until earlier this year, when i finally disassembled it because i needed the parts. Edited by metalandi, 06 August 2008 - 03:57 AM."], [1, "This is by far my favourite Outback series set! I loved the fact that you can bend the bridge in different directions so that the suspension of the car really worked to keep the car levelled, like you placed it in your last picture. I had lots of fun with this when it came out eleven years ago in 1997, the bridge scene could also be used in the Adventurers serie of 1998. Classic, highest rating, buy it if you don't already have it!"], [1, "A nice set to go with the outback theme. I am kind of dissapointed they they didint continue the theme, as I only managed to grab 6487 and 6550, none the less, this set is very interesting as it's one of the few to feature working suspention. Stauder."], [1, 'Great review Brickster Why exactly did the outback, Adventure etc. themes never quite catch on......Just a thought. What a great set! I wish I had it, But in 1997 I was just back from my whirl wind trips around the world and had drifted away from Lego I don\'t know why. But I will say this I love the actual suspension that came with this set and the trains sets I have been trying to buy up as much of it as I can, And now I see I need to add one more set to the "I need to get that"'], [0, 'metalandi, on Aug 5 2008, 08:56 PM, said: if you\'d only know what memories you brought back! I think i remember this set better than any other i had, when i was a child. Some time after i got it, i decided to disassemble it and combine it with the jeep from 6552 Rocky River Retreat. It came out pretty good, though. As it became the main attraction point of my town (beeing the car of my favourite minifig back then, and, and, and... looong story ), i kept it assembled that way from this day on until earlier this year, when i finally disassembled it because i needed the parts. Great story. I enjoy hearing people reminisce about the fun they had with certain sets. I always wanted Rocky River Retreat but never picked it up. That\'s a great adventure set as well. I had never thought about mixing the two sets, but they do have components that would compliment one another nicely. If you still have the pieces, you should try restoring the sets - it\'s a lot of fun. simonwillems, on Aug 6 2008, 04:37 AM, said: This is by far my favourite Outback series set! I loved the fact that you can bend the bridge in different directions so that the suspension of the car really worked to keep the car levelled, like you placed it in your last picture. I had lots of fun with this when it came out eleven years ago in 1997, the bridge scene could also be used in the Adventurers serie of 1998. I think I may like the Outback Airstrip a little better, but it\'s close. I agree with you about the bridge. The moving pieces are a nice feature, and makes it harder for the jeep to cross. The bridge does make a nice addition to Adventurers. I added it to my Jungle Adventure Diorama a few months ago: Stauder, on Aug 6 2008, 05:27 AM, said: I am kind of dissapointed they they didint continue the theme, as I only managed to grab 6487 and 6550 At leat you were able to pick up two of the sets. Do you still have them and/or the pieces? bullet8542, on Aug 6 2008, 09:57 AM, said: Why exactly did the outback, Adventure etc. themes never quite catch on......Just a thought. You\'re right - I don\'t remember them being very popular, yet they were really nice sets. Perhaps they drifted too far from the "normal" Town/City theme with Fire and Police Stations? This would be a good thought for a future City/Town sub-theme.'], [0, 'TheBrickster, on Aug 7 2008, 04:06 PM, said: At leat you were able to pick up two of the sets. Do you still have them and/or the pieces? Yes, I have the parts, the manuals, and even one of the boxes. Unforutunaltey, the parts are mixed in a big pile of parts, as I never had any time to sort out my parts. You can see I used the yellow doors here, decals applied. The great thing about the copter was it had 2 suitcases, which as far as I can tell ain\'t a common part, not rare, but still nice to have. And it had the guy with the green jacket. The winch wasn\'t bad either, the only flaw was it was a "standard" lego copter, meaning similar ones where avalible in quite a few sets. Do you plan to review it? Staudie.'], [1, 'Stauder, on Aug 7 2008, 06:17 AM, said: The great thing about the copter was it had 2 suitcases, which as far as I can tell ain\'t a common part, not rare, but still nice to have. And it had the guy with the green jacket. The winch wasn\'t bad either, the only flaw was it was a "standard" lego copter, meaning similar ones where avalible in quite a few sets. Do you plan to review it? Oh, I wish I had it. I don\'t recall seeing 6487 in the stores back when I purchased the other Outback sets. I\'d love to see a review.'], [1, "Nice review of an interesting set. But I have a query... Anyone know why it is actually called Amazon crossing when it's meant to be in Australia? Also, the Amazon runs through a jungle anyway. Edited by Shoc, 10 August 2008 - 03:44 PM."], [1, "nice review. This set looked very nice for it's time."], [1, 'Oh I loved this set when I was young! I think I got it for my birthday, and it was one of my favourite sets at the time. Funnily enough, I was thinking about it the other day, and how I really should build it again... Thanks for the nostalgic review.'], [0, "Ok, this is the big one. The controversial one. The one everyone either hates or defends... What do I think? Read on. The Figs: Bandana Man Masked Dude Dude with Shades Good figures, I miss Scarface. Comes with his torso, though, which is my favorite (the one with the ammo strap across the chest). One figure short of the figure-to-price value, but we can deal with that. The Dino: The Dino. It's the one that comes with the chopper, in green. Any questions? The Tank: And so it begins. I think it looks a lot better in person than on the box. The left side. Good time to mention that the treads run pretty easily, and this is a very playable set. Right side. Keep an eye on that flap in the center... ... and we have a folding ladder! The back. Probably the weakest point of the set, apart from the dino. The turret, turned and tilted. The mechanism works extremely well, and the gun seems to work better than others for some reason (or maybe it just seems that way). The front of the cockpit. I'm at a loss trying to figure out how those TINY windshields defend them against 40-foot mutant tyrannosaurus rexes with radioactive breath, laser eyes, and what have you... Anyway, another one of those neat steering wheels, some Viking horns, and some stickered control panels (oh yeah, this set has a good amount of stickers. Probably around 20-ish.). The back of the cockpit. I love the little gun, it turns 360 degrees and tilts up. Oh yeah, and those green barrels they've been using are awesome, I can think of tons of uses for them. The Verdict: 7.6/10 Playability: 9.4/10 Pieces: 7.5/10 Figures: 8.8/10 Dino: 3/10 Value: 4/10 The MAIN DOWNFALL of this set is the price. I would easily pay $30 for this, no questions asked. But $40 was a hard sell for me - I gave in merely to see what I would think of it, and also to help you guys find out the same. This is a great display set, and a great play set. The pieces are good - lots of nice blay beams used in the construction. But the price, people. That's the killer. Pick this up only if you have everything else or you find it on clearance. And thus ends my Dino Attack review series. Hope you enjoyed them! Until next time, Bloody Jay"], [1, 'Very interesting indeed! I especially like the folding ladder. I never thought of making such a clever function. I might have to use it in my future LEGO models. Another great reveiw Bloody Jay! ;)'], [1, "Tks for the review once more Jay ;) I totally agree with you Jay !!! This set has very nice details suche as the mini gun, movable ladder, green barrels and great figs !!!! However, it is very expensive for what it is and I don't think there are that many very usefall parts in there !!!! (well, I could use those treads !!!). If I ever buy this set, its really not for the design, which I totally dislike..."], [1, "Thanks for the reviews once again. It looks like qite a nice set to me, although the European version will lose the big gun. I like some of the stickers (although I wish they were printed), and I actually quite like the dinosaur. I probably won't get it though, the set I'm most likely to get is the Fire Hammer."], [1, "sam89, on Aug 5 2005, 01:33 PM, said: Thanks for the reviews once again. It looks like qite a nice set to me, although the European version will lose the big gun. I like some of the stickers (although I wish they were printed), and I actually quite like the dinosaur. I probably won't get it though, the set I'm most likely to get is the Fire Hammer. yay!!! some one that agrees with me!!!!!!!!! >-|"], [-1, 'Quote I would easily pay $30 for this, no questions asked. But $40 was a hard sell for me Is it easier for you to "eat" if you know that this would cost you around $60 if you live in Denmark :|'], [1, "Bloody Jay, on Aug 5 2005, 01:15 PM, said: The back of the cockpit. I love the little gun, it turns 360 degrees and tilts up. Oh yeah, and those green barrels they've been using are awesome, I can think of tons of uses for them. What uses might these be?"], [0, 'This is an ok set....'], [0, "Heh...$40? You're lucky...they sell those for $60 here...Am I getting ripped off?"], [-1, "Dino_Bot wrote: Quote You're lucky...they sell those for $60 here...Am I getting ripped off? Only if you think you are. This set isn't too bad in the play-ability factor. It's not that great though. A better cockpit, and some more armour to this treaded monster is needed. Thanks for another great review Bloody Jay. And I agree that this set isn't worth the price. Though, the Ark 170 is still my least favorite badly priced set. Graynar"], [0, 'This is my first review, so I thought: the smaller (the set), the better! 6626 Snowmobile Year: 2000 Subtheme: Arctic Pieces: 20 (+1 extra) Note: Polybag; 6577 is the boxed version Price: €.1 + S/H on eBay MISP (Mint in Sealed Polybag!) Building time: less than 2 minutes. If it came out in the last months, if would be called an Impulse set. It actually came out a few years ago; being those my "dark years", I missed the Arctic line. Now that I\'m back into business, I wanted some! But not all of the sets were good (or easily available). I had the chance to buy this one, and I0\'m happy with it. As you can see below, it consists of a figure on a scooter; the only accessories are those chainsaws that lie on the sides (unless you take the skis from the scooter and have the minifig wear them!). The extra piece is a TransYellow 1x1 round plate. According to Brickset and Peeron, the difference between box and polybag is the sticker "sheet". You choose whether the nose is better with or without the sticker: I\'d say "with". The judgement: it\'s cheap, it has a cool minifig with a cool head accessory and a nice torso. I don\'t think I like that orange colour that much (and I can\'t understand why those blue pieces have to be... blue; I guess it\'s beacuse the whole line uses blue with orange!), but I have to say this is definetely a good set. I\'d give it a 4 out of 5 in its category. If you want to own at least a set per every theme, this could be your Arctic one. Packaging: Content: Minifig (I hear you ask: what\'s that yellow thing on the left leg? Dust, or something alike): The Snowmobile: Edited by The Cobra, 07 August 2008 - 02:33 PM.'], [1, "Nice review Cobra. Thanks for sharing. I think Arctic was one of those neat themes that never really took off. I like these little poly-bag sets as they make great starters/introduction sets for themes (or) serve as a nice supplement or add/on to an existing collection. I've always liked the thick green hood piece used in the Arctic theme and have thought about using it in a SW Hoth scene. In any case, nice review! I've got an Arctic set that I built recently and will share a review soon."], [1, "Here we are, my first Clone Wars set, and my first Star Wars review. Here we have the wonderful Droid gunship, one of the cheaper of the Clone Wars sets. This set is exclusive to Wal-mart, and its one of the better Exclusives out there (I'm looking at you, Twilight ). First off we have a Shot of the entire set with the Box. A random Page shot, along with pics of the Parts list. The build is split up into three sections: The Back, The cockpit, and The Missles. The back has a lot of nice dark blue plates, and is the only part of the set which uses stickers. The bottoms shows Various technic systems, which I'll get to later The cockpit has many details (Mostly guns), and the Rotating Guns are a nice touch. The cockpit can fit a battle droid, but not a Minifig. I'm not sure why a Droid would want leather though The last part is loading this baby with the missles There are four Black(small) and two Dark Bley (large) missles which are loaded in groups of three as SLS. the middle mechanism is for the missiles, and the back part with the Bionicle teeth are used ad landing gear The knob on top turns... to release the missiles on the Clones ... Leftover bits and the used SS(not so D this time around) The gunship versus a time traveling Agent Charge . OVERALL Build: 8/10 A basic build, but at some points repetitive. Minifigs: 10/10 Just your basic droids, you can't go wrong. Design: 7/10 A basic design, with some Interesting techniques. Pieces: 9/10 A mix of old and new pieces, along with the return of THIS lovely piece which hasn't been seen for almost 10 years Price: 8/10 $30 for a Gunship? I'll take it! Final Verdict: 8/10 A great price for a small set like this, and It has a great bit of Swooshability"], [1, "Nice review AgentRick.$30 is a good price, but TLC think thats €40 so i'll have to pass. BTW I thought this ship was supposed to hold many droids like in SW Battlefront. Oh well, its good for show. Edited by Skinny Boy, 09 August 2008 - 09:31 PM."], [-1, "I'm confused there's two topics of this . Anyway allon-sy,nice review I quite like this set I'd buy it if it had just 2 plain clones please TLG HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO ARMY-BUILD!!! Edited by foxy, 08 August 2008 - 12:59 AM."], [1, "So it comes with an extra gun-holding arm? It looks like it, and that's great. That way you can make all of the droids gun-totting ones."], [0, "foxy, on Aug 7 2008, 07:55 PM, said: I'm confused there's two topics of this . Nope."], [0, 'What? My st came up as the first post....'], [1, 'This is a very nice looking set. It could do with a few more clones, but hopefully that will be fixed next year with battle packs. Back to the set, I think the colors on this are great (I love dark blue) and the design is pretty good too. It seems to be pretty accurate compared to the real thing. Thanks for the review!'], [0, "~VBBN~, on Aug 7 2008, 09:24 PM, said: What? My st came up as the first post.... I'm confused about that too. whats up with that?"], [0, "~VBBN~, on Aug 7 2008, 09:24 PM, said: What? My st came up as the first post.... It also says you started the topic I can't wait to get this set! I was planning on getting it soon but I spent my last money for now on the (on sale ) V-19 Torrent the other day. In need of a paycheck... Edited by Faramir, 08 August 2008 - 03:45 AM."], [0, "AgentRick57, on Aug 8 2008, 03:50 AM, said: I'm confused about that too. whats up with that? Thanks for the review. The pics are....acceptable. Perhaps you could redo them in sunlight and with a different background than a carpet? I'll add this to the index soon. And I agree at that pirce this set is definately an ok buy"], [1, 'Well, here is another Separatist set that looks like it is worth getting to me. My Gunship is going to be outnumbered pretty quick. Nice review.'], [0, "KimT, on Aug 8 2008, 06:22 AM, said: The pics are....acceptable. Perhaps you could redo them in sunlight and with a different background than a carpet? I'll add this to the index soon. Thanks, I'll try to have some Better pictures by tomorrow, as soon as I get my camera back from my Brother."], [0, "AgentRick57, on Aug 9 2008, 09:25 PM, said: Thanks, I'll try to have some Better pictures by tomorrow, as soon as I get my camera back from my Brother. Great that would be awesome. Nice review though ' Thanks for contributing to our evergrowing review index"], [0, 'I gave it a five. The Droid Gunship is one of my favorites in the Clone Wars line. Edited by Lt. Veers, 10 August 2008 - 03:58 AM.'], [0, 'My one post was deleted, so I shall remake it: Thanks for the review! I really want this set! And I will get it. As kim said, perhaps it could be taken in sunlight?'], [-1, "I don't really like this set because it isn't my idea of the droid gunship, which is from SW Battlefront, which can hold as many droids as a RGS can hold clones. If I buy this, it'd be for the dark blue pieces, which is the signature color of one of my Castle Nations ( Dark Red and Dark Blue )."], [0, "Well, I haven't been keeping up on what was going around in Lego Starwars,but I think this review would be an average"], [-1, "This is a great set It's too pricey though If it was $10 or so cheaper I'd get it!"], [-1, "hollisbrick, on Dec 29 2008, 10:20 PM, said: This is a great set It's too pricey though If it was $10 or so cheaper I'd get it! Actually its on sale now. Or at least for americans."], [0, "CloneMe, on Dec 30 2008, 04:23 PM, said: Actually its on sale now. Or at least for americans. Damn Americans Jk nah i'm aussie mate"], [1, "hollisbrick, on Dec 29 2008, 11:22 PM, said: Damn Americans Jk nah i'm aussie mate Oh that sucks. Actually im 1/4 aussie. But I dont live there. I love this set. I dont see how people dont like this. This is exactly like in the movie and personally if you thought it was supposed to be different I think you should study your Star Wars a little bit more."], [1, 'Nice review! Crud..I wish I took this gunship instead of the LEGO Indiana Jones Game.. Edited by General Magma, 10 January 2009 - 09:58 PM.'], [1, "I'm definitely getting this soon. A good value for money, a cool set, and another part to my Clone Wars collection!"], [-1, "I got this yesterday on sale (only 5500 yen>>>$60 American) and was a little disappointed. I'd avoided it, but all the new sets are at least a month away here. It looks a little weird in photo, and the actual build is worse, just a flat little disc with a cockpit. Only special points for the color, which will probably just look better with those 2009 sets."], [1, "General Magma, on Dec 30 2008, 03:51 PM, said: Crud..I wish I took this gunship instead of the LEGO Indiana Jones Game.. I take that there back. I'm getting two of those gunships, for 25,19 each on a sale at S@H! Edited by General Magma, 10 January 2009 - 10:00 PM."], [1, "Emergency Evac Set #: 6445 Theme: Town Res-Q Year Released: 1998 Piece Count: 97 Minifigs: 1 List Price: $8 (USD) In 1998, Lego introduced a new theme called Res-Q. The theme was really a quasi-Coast Guard sub-theme of Classic Town. The theme included boats, helicopters, emergency vehicles, and even a water hovercraft. Most notable was the black and yellow color combination that predominated the sets. I only picked up a couple of sets from the theme including this Emergency Evacuation vehicle that I consider a van. I never got into the theme, but looking back at these sets, I have gained a better appreciation for their value in Classic Town. Let's take a look at 6445 in greater detail. Starting with the box: The back of the box providing a few alternate models: And similar imagery on the instructions: The set includes one small sheet of decals for the van: 6445 has one Res-Q minifig that I find pretty nice. I like the neon orange reflectors: He has a nice printed backside with the word RES-Q prominently displayed: This little set includes an abundance of tools: A black walkie-talkie is not pictured Here's the emergency van: I like the back section that has a nice winch with turning wheel and a few hooks for tools: Here's the minifig pulling the grappling hook for some Res-Q action. This is my favorite part of this set: The van isn't too fancy but has some neat features: While I like the blue windshield piece for maybe space sets, I'm not really fond of its use for the van: The van has no steering wheel, but rather two levers for steering: On the top of the vehicle are two emergency alarms and some extra lights: The back of the van has a large opening piece that allows wide access to the back section: It comfortably fits a long gurney/stretcher: Here's the driver resting on the gurney: He should never have tried to pick up the gurney without a 2nd Res-Q minifig. And a shot of the back section without the gurney: Lastly, a picture of the complete set: Final Thoughts Res-Q is really a neat theme that has great play value for kids. While it's not one of my more favorite town sub-themes, it does offer some nice pieces and an abundance of black and yellow pieces. I think a few of the Res-Q sets go nicely with the Divers theme released one year earlier in 1997. I had a chance to purchase the largest set of the theme, 6479 Emergency Response Center, at half the price, but passed back in the late 90s. I'd be interested in finding out what other EB members think of this set and the Res-Q theme."], [1, "Wow, and people complain that a military type line would be to violent. Here we have half dead soilders and a space shuttle bombing people with severed skeleton heads! i have to say this is the first time i've heard of this theme. I like the colors as most have pointed out. The base plate is preety cool two. Could use it to moc up some garages."], [-1, 'I am a proud owner of this set. Like others, I got it discounted and couldn\'t resit the parts pack. This is the type of lego sets that bothers me. When you look at it now, you\'d be tempted to say "hey not bad", but at the same time, some years ago, it wasn\'t good enough to buy it full price. I was kinda disappointed because usually sets using that kinda baseplates are excellent (castle, paradisa), and this one is just "ok". One really minus point would be the lack of any opponent faction in the set'], [1, "That's IT! Thanks for the review but now you make me want to build my own one! THANKS A LOT! ON a more serious note, I really like this set and have always wished to aquire it. I have two broken Tie Interceptors, so this should be a easy build. And as someone in the pirate forum, I think, said, It would be a great baseplate for building cave to hide the booty! Thanks PMG and welcome!"], [0, "Thanks for the welcome everyone! Though I'm still wondering where the Drone Minion/Commander idea came from."], [0, 'Thanks for the review PMJ . I like the play value in this set even if I don´t own it . The way the orbs are put into the rocket is awesome and I really like it, but at the end the set have some lack of detail .'], [0, "Set: 7680 - The Twilight Theme: Star Wars Year Released: 2008 Piece Count: 882 Price: $AUD149.99 (or $159.99 if you buy at TRU!), 99.99 Euro, $US99.99 Pity the Twilight. When rumours of the set name first circulated, speculation was swift: 'Twilight - that suggests something sleek, elegant and mysterious.' Anticipation mounted! Fan-frenzy grew! Finally a pic leaked! And the verdict was... 'clunk-a-dunk' It appeared that in the Jedi off-season, Anakin was running something that looked like an intergalactic garbage scow, like Roger Wilco in the old Sierra Space Quest PC games. Blocky and bley seemed to sum it up. The set went from being one of the most anticipated to one of the least liked of 2008 pretty much instantly. It's a mark of that dislike that in the EB Clone Wars review feeding frenzy nobody has so far even bothered to post a few pics of this set even 2 weeks after it's official release! I'm here to redress that imbalance now and find out if 7680 is as horrendous as everyone originally thought Part 1: Box & Parts Front of the box. It's quite big, same size as the 10144 Sandcrawler. Annoyingly, it's the old style with the perforated corners that you have to tear to flip open the lid. Detail of the back, showing set functions: Interior of the box - a lot of wasted space. The set comes with 2 instruction manuals, each 76 pages. And no DSS sheet! Polybags! 13 of 'em. Like the other CW sets, these are unnumbered. Parts ahoy! You can tell at a glance that this set is comparable to the AT-TE, although there a large proportion of the 800+ parts here are technic pins and bley plates. Part 2: Minifigs and Build The set comes with 4 figs (or 3.5, depending on how you look at Rotta ): Anakin, Ahsoka, R2-D2 and Rotta. Very disappointing that there's nothing new here for such a high-priced exclusive, although I guess it is maybe movie accurate. Anyway, to paraphrase the wise Patsy Stone, you can never have enough hats, shoes or new Anakin/ Ahsoka hairpieces so it's not too bad. Pics of the build in progress. A quarter of the way through we can already see that this is one of those 'convoluted technic frames with some plates affixed' type builds: Half-way and the smaller wing is added: At the three quarter mark the giant single wing is added: And voila! Done! The final quarter is a race to attach all the exterior surfaces and details such as the engine and escape pod. The build itself is a mixed blessing. It is VERY technic oriented. I'm not a Technic-ally minded person and don't really have much of a conceptual grasp of how everything functions until I see the final result, so I find these type of builds a little uninteresting. Pins, axles and beams? Give me bricks any day! I really liked the 7676 Gunship and the 7679 Fighter Tank although they do contain some technic framework, they are largely brick-built ships, especially the Fighter Tank which is solid, largely brick built and full of neat functions. The 7680 build is one of the most technicy builds I've ever undergone in a System set, akin to the experience of building the 10178 Motorised AT-AT. But whereas with that set you could understand the need for a technic framework (the thing walks!) a lot of this seemed excessive. Yes, the Twilight does some have nice functions, and it is so large and heavy it does need a strong skeleton, but to me it just seemed too much and aesthetics have been sacrificed for (in some cases limited) functionality. I will discuss in more detail what I mean as I look at different parts of the set. On the upside, this is the only non-symmetric set in the CW range, so at least every page and new step brings something different! Part 3: A Closer View Close-up of the main body of the ship: Front-on. It is well-designed how the figs appear in line of sight (unlike the 6211 where Jabba and Leia were photoshopped in to the box art). Don't ask what Rotta is doing out of the line of vision there. Some things are better left unsaid. Side view, showing escape pod (smaller cylinder) and drive: Top view: Rear view, showing back door. The rear deck is huge. Indeed, the whole ship is huge. Oddly so. I don't know if this is movie-scale or not, but I've seen people complain the fighter tank is too big (!) and that set is nothing compared to this baby! It's wider than the Gunship and in wingspan and length is almost bigger. Here's a few pics next to an MTT for comparison. Pretty big, hey? Turning to the dark side must be good for business. Even if all you can buy is a rusty old beast like this, at least you could comfortably squash pretty much every vehicle in the opposing fleet just by landing on it. At least now you can see why it costs so much. The official pics make it look smaller, somehow, by truncating the rear and wing. The ship is in fact so big you can't really pose it with wings open - only hold it that way. I was too lazy to build a giant trans-clear support strut so propped it up on a shoebox instead. The wing opens very neatly - you push a technic lever and a pin holding the bottom wing pops out quite smoothly. The little top turret can move up and down as well to get the full cross-shaped effect. Part 4: Features and Functions The front cockpit folds down very neatly, although I find the build here a little weak. Whee! It goes all the way down to the floor. The mechanism is cool, but it takes up an awful lot of space. Basically the whole front is cockpit and all Lego could manage for controls is 2 printed 1x2 tiles as well (not pictured here, but they're attached to the part that folds up and down). There's also no way for anyone to get in or out of the cockpit. And an invisible windscreen! Technology has come a long way. Side view, looking from wing. R2D2 is here as well as some tools. You can also glimpse here one of the main problems with the set. Despite being a huge boxy ship, there's no interior! None! The Twilight doesn't even have an internal floor. All the room inside is taken up by the landing gear which folds up - again, a clever function but it really gets in the way of the set as a whole. Kudos to the designer for coming up with stable, working landing gear, but too clever by half if it means that this giant ship ends up basically being one tiny cockpit and a rear door at the back that doesn't lead to any interior! Underside showing landing gear when open: And closed - when the wing is folded down, the gear is locked in place, which is pretty neat. Space-consuming, but neat. The rear section. The door, when opened, reveals an orange cupboard and a tow-line, as Ahsoka uses in the box art. The door clicks into place when open and can be released by pressing the technic bit at the top. Again, clever, but pointless as you can't get inside! Ahsoka can indulge in a little recreational bungee-jumping if she so wishes: The rear deck is so large that it is wasted just being used so Ahsoka can bungee-jump. I came up with a much better use for it. Outdoor garden! Despite having one roboticised hand, Anakin was still quite the green thumb. And his light-saber was very useful as a hedge trimmer. So much so that he set up a side business between Rotta-rescue missions. Here's a promotional postcard: A few other bits and pieces. The gun turret on the enormous mega-wing can only hold one flick fire missile at a time (you do get two, though ) Rear engine detail: The escape pod sits neatly on the side and is basically built the same way as the Gunship bacta tank: The pod sits on these tehcnic pins and is held in place by the light bley parts: Part 5: In conclusion The Twilight is a huge ship, with a huge amount of great functions - folding wing, folding cockpit, rear door, escape pod, retractable landing gear! But this functionality comes at a price - a very complex technic build and zip interior. Compared with the Gunship, for example, which is stuffed with nooks and crannies, the Twilight suffers in this respect. I also think it is just too large - it doesn't really fit with the other craft and vehicles released with the Clone Wars line. I may be wrong and it is movie-accurate, but when you have all the CW sets laid out it does stick out like a poor thumb. Part selection is OK, with the only interesting things being a few dark orange plates, the orange cupboard and the big trans-neon green radar dish. Don't get me wrong, I don't think this is a bad set at all. It's just the other CW sets are so sweet! I would say it's an above average set in a field crammed with excellent ones. If you're a completist, buy it, but if for example you'd rather invest in another AT-TE to upgrade your Republic Army, then I couldn't really disagree with you either And to finish on a light note, I'd like to remind you that you do get another Ahsoka hairpiece, which can be used for all sorts of things. Ugha warrior upgrade: Dr Inferno hair transplant: And finally, attack of the deadly blue-ringed octopus, native to Australia's beaches and oceans! Thanks for reading!"], [0, 'Another outstanding review by the "awesome set reviewer"! I enjoyed reading this review very much and I felt that you have redress Twilight in an approriate manner. I have very mixed feeling about this set especially with its design. It seemed I will need to watch the Clone Wars movie in the theatre before I compared with it. Most of the time, when this LEGO set is used in a movie, you will tend to compare it and what is the actual purpose for Twilight, same as the rest of the SW vehicles and aircraft. For a high price like this, I can actually top up a little more and get the AT-TE, with the same batch of minifigs plus Commander Rex. If there is a special figure such as the V19 Torrent (Clone Pliot), it will be a much ideal scenario. At the moment, I have not bring in any Clone War sets into my collection, and I am quite sure Twilight is not in my priority list especially when I am not a full-pledged Star War collectors or I have strong intentions to complete the entire range in this recent release. Therefore, I need to prioritise my purchase, and likely to get two RGS, since that is my favourite ship in Clone War era. I am not comparing it with RGS. Both sets defintely have their pros and cons. Oh, I love that postcard you made. Certainly looks very nice! svelte_corps, thanks for doing up this superb detailed review which had given "Twilight" the neccessary attention it should have.'], [1, 'Really awesome review svelte_corps . You did a really complete and in-depth review of this beast and with your nice pics is really enjoyable reading your review, so congrats . I like this ship even if it looks so bulky but I need to buy first other sets, so maybe this beast will be landing in my collection the next year (Or this one if I am lucky ). I can just ask for something, can you post a pic of all your clone wars sets together with this one (all the sets in one pic, not many pics with this an each set ) please . Edited by darkrebellion, 12 August 2008 - 02:20 AM.'], [0, "darkrebellion, on Aug 12 2008, 12:17 PM, said: I like this ship even if it looks so bulky but I need to buy first other sets, so maybe this beast will be landing in my collection the next year (Or this one if I am lucky ). I can just ask for something, can you post a pic of all your clone wars sets together with this one (all the sets in one pic, not many pics with this an each set ) please . I think a lot of people feel the same way - there was so much good stuff to get in the first wave that this is probably a backburner set for a lot of people, and some are probably waiting to see the movie to see how prominently it features. I will try and take a pic with some other CW sets, I don't have all of them though and some need to be reassembled as I built them on holiday and then had to pack them away I do think this line of sets has been the best SW Lego wave released though. All of the recent releases have been amazing in their own way."], [1, 'Thanks for the review. Now I thinnk I will buy this set. BTW, I really like what you did to the back. I might do the same to mine....'], [0, "Wow certainly much bigger than I would have thought, thanks for the great review and pictures =] Well for some reason i was drawn to this set, but with the lack of interior and quite a bit of technics, i think I'll pass, or at least get the At-te first! Thanks again!"], [0, "I read the Visual Guide recently and learned a bit more about the Twilight. I won't get into spoilers but it seems that the ship becomes a sort of endearing family van for the characters which is neat. Big bulky, uncool, but it gets you from one place to another. If it factors into more than just the 90 minute film, I may pick this up. It seems that there's room for a lot of personality in this ship once you see the film. It is a Corellian freighter smuggling spice for the Hutts. That's cool right?"], [1, "Hopewell, on Aug 11 2008, 11:24 PM, said: I read the Visual Guide recently and learned a bit more about the Twilight. I won't get into spoilers but it seems that the ship becomes a sort of endearing family van for the characters which is neat. Big bulky, uncool, but it gets you from one place to another. If it factors into more than just the 90 minute film, I may pick this up. It seems that there's room for a lot of personality in this ship once you see the film. It is a Corellian freighter smuggling spice for the Hutts. That's cool right? Lol the Minivan of the Galaxy =] What a selling point If i am really impressed with it in the film i suppose that would change things, but i will have to see =]"], [1, "This is probably the best review I've ever seen. Why? It put the set in context with people's changing thoughts about it. It commented on the box, why do such expensive sets have such ordinary boxes? The photography was outstanding. Every issue that a builder could have with it was discussed in a calm and rational manner. I have the same issues with technic structured sets, and svelte_corps summed up my feelings on this beautifully. This was an even handed review, so thoughtful. Finally, you gotta love a bit of humour in a review, that gardenis brilliant. I was probably never going to get this set anyway but it sets a new world's best standard for reviews. I strongly encourage anyone that's going to review a set to have a good look at this to see how well it can be done. Thanks for the magnificent review!"], [1, 'Oh no! Anakin has gone over to the green side of the force! Well, I guess someone had to review the Clunkadunk eventually. And you did a good job at it, svelte corps! I liked the punchline with the Ahsoka-hairpiece swapping. The "Ugha warrior upgrade" is an interesting way of creating male Togrutas. And Ahsoka looks even hotter with Inferno\'s hair! Matteo Kenobi, on Aug 11 2008, 09:30 PM, said: If i am really impressed with it in the film i suppose that would change things, but i will have to see =] I wouldn\'t count on it. Spoiler After its first flight, the Twilight will crash and burn! Wookieepedia says so, and you can see it in one of the trailers. So, I guess the Twilight will stay mostly unbought. Poor Clunkadunk.'], [1, 'Thanks a lot for a very nice and entertaining review! Your photos were really nice and there have been some reviews lately that have such blurry pics... cough.. cough... it was a pleasure to see you can 1. put lego bricks together 2. write a review 3. handle your camera! I think this ship is underrated, it is really nice! I love the playing features like landing gear and back door, perhaps just cause I had to get along with so called landing gears in the past, that did not work at all (7140 for example..). And I simply LOVE that there is space inside. You said there is not really some cause of the landing gear mechanism, but it seems it should be easily fixed. Do you think there is enough space to put some plates over the landing gear and add some beds, kitchen und TV? I think this set is so perfect to mod it into a Clone Wars mobile home, your back garden ist just perfect for this. I prefer this over the AT-TE and over a 2nd gunship! Thanks a lot for the review!'], [1, "Zzz, on Aug 12 2008, 09:00 PM, said: And I simply LOVE that there is space inside. You said there is not really some cause of the landing gear mechanism, but it seems it should be easily fixed. Do you think there is enough space to put some plates over the landing gear and add some beds, kitchen und TV? I think this set is so perfect to mod it into a Clone Wars mobile home, your back garden ist just perfect for this. It does have that homely feel! There is room inside with technic beams to lay plates etc on, the only issue is that it's kind of fiddly to access. You could do it from either the side door or rear door though, maybe move that tow line at the back. I have to say, it is a set that grows on you"], [0, 'Thank you svelte_corps for the review! I like the inside, nice and cosey! I also like your little garden! For me, this put the twilight different in a better perspective than my first perspective of the twilight. I voted outstanding. Greets The-Force!'], [-1, 'I will not be picking this one up. The main thing is that it simply looks akward. It is big and bulky, and seems to have random pieces on it with not reall streamline feel to it. I also agree that for an exclusive that it $100, it needs more than just 3.5 mini figures. Anikan and Ashoka and Rotta already come in the AT-TE, which is cheaper and has more figures. R2-D2 is a figure that I am sure everybody has at least 4 or 5 of. For that kind of money, I expect something with at least one unique figure, and more than 4. I also want just a cleaner and better designed set. This is probably the letdown of the collection so far. Every collection needs one.'], [0, 'Seems like TLC has done a pretty accurate representation of the ship. The real fault for the ship\'s messy design has to go to Lucasfilm, not TLC. My guess is Lucasfilm is trying to recapture that "what a piece of junk!" magic of the Millennium Falcon. I guess we\'ll have to wait to see the movie to see if they succeeded or not. The idea of a "space mobile home" reminds me of the Winnebago from "Spaceballs." Great review!! Informative, entertaining, and opinionated. So many people shy away from stating an actual OPINION in their review for fear of offending anyone. What\'s the point of making a review if you don\'t state what you think about it???'], [0, "svelte_corps, on Aug 12 2008, 02:19 AM, said: Hmm... Dior. I can smell it now The ship doesn't look too swooshable (but, then again, more than the heavy RGS) I really like that review Svelte Corps! So much detail! Unfortunately I would only get this if it was a very low price, like in a sale."], [-1, 'Thanks for yet another awesome review. Quote Seems like TLC has done a pretty accurate representation of the ship. The real fault for the ship\'s messy design has to go to Lucasfilm, not TLC. My guess is Lucasfilm is trying to recapture that "what a piece of junk!" magic of the Millennium Falcon. I guess we\'ll have to wait to see the movie to see if they succeeded or not. This sums up my opinion exactly. I can easily admit that the design of the kit is spot on - but unfortunately, the actual design of the ship in the new movie is garbage. Actually, despite the Millennium Falcon\'s odd design, I really think it\'s a pretty appealing ship - and its really cool! I can\'t say the same for the Twilight, though.'], [0, 'Joebot, on Aug 12 2008, 04:17 PM, said: Seems like TLC has done a pretty accurate representation of the ship. The real fault for the ship\'s messy design has to go to Lucasfilm, not TLC. My guess is Lucasfilm is trying to recapture that "what a piece of junk!" magic of the Millennium Falcon. I guess we\'ll have to wait to see the movie to see if they succeeded or not. The idea of a "space mobile home" reminds me of the Winnebago from "Spaceballs." Great review!! Informative, entertaining, and opinionated. So many people shy away from stating an actual OPINION in their review for fear of offending anyone. What\'s the point of making a review if you don\'t state what you think about it??? Nice! Its $99 = £52, but our price is £80-90! That Ugha Warrior looks like Man Friday from Robinson Crusoe!: EDIT: Also I am going to use that Wing technique for WW2 Mocs! Its perfect! Edited by Joey Lock, 12 August 2008 - 11:00 PM.'], [1, "I think some people agree that this ship is better than when we first saw those pictures, at least I do. It looks like it has some nice accessories that come with the ship as well. My favorite of you custom things has got to be the octopus it's so funny and a great use for the headdress thing. Great review. Edited by Skipper 24, 13 August 2008 - 11:24 AM."], [0, 'Looks fine... but still that designs quite a downer.'], [-1, 'Dovchenko, on Aug 13 2008, 12:29 PM, said: Looks fine... but still that designs quite a downer. But look at that wing design! Its lovely! Looks exactly like the B-29 Bombers wings look like.'], [-1, 'Thanks for the review. I for one will get this set. I collect and therefore I need it. I vision something like this: A: I buy the set B: I built the set C: Pics for my BS account D: Set taken apart. Sad, but true. It\'s not much, but super for parts. I agree (from what your review showed me) that this set is a little too much technic. A thing that\'s been invading our beloved brick built sets in the past years. I really have no need for a retractable front or functioning landing gear. What I need is a kick-ass ship with neat design and cool interior. The Twilight does not offer that. "Look at the size of that thing"'], [1, 'Oky Wan Kenobi, on Aug 12 2008, 01:52 AM, said: Oh no! Anakin has gone over to the green side of the force! Not the green side!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Looks like a good source of grey panels, and a cool headpiece. Nothing more.'], [1, 'Good review there! My daughter loves the backyard garden of the Twilight My opinion of the ship has changed after reading this, thanks!'], [0, "[/quote] Part 3: A Closer View[/b] Close-up of the main body of the ship: Front-on. It is well-designed how the figs appear in line of sight (unlike the 6211 where Jabba and Leia were photoshopped in to the box art). Don't ask what Rotta is doing out of the line of vision there. Some things are better left unsaid. [/quote] Rotta: Can I get on your knee to look outside? Anakin: No! Rotta: Can I pull this lever? Anakin: Don't touch it! Rotta: I want to drive! Anakin: If your not quitting I will get you back to that mean white woman. Rotta: I need a clean diaper! Anakin: Ashoka, Get of the toilet! It's my turn to get some rest. Ashoka: I thought I would become a padawan, not a babysitter! [/quote] [The rear deck is so large that it is wasted just being used so Ahsoka can bungee-jump. I came up with a much better use for it. Outdoor garden! Despite having one roboticised hand, Anakin was still quite the green thumb. And his light-saber was very useful as a hedge trimmer. So much so that he set up a side business between Rotta-rescue missions. Here's a promotional postcard: And to finish on a light note, I'd like to remind you that you do get another Ahsoka hairpiece, which can be used for all sorts of things. Ugha warrior upgrade: Dr Inferno hair transplant: And finally, attack of the deadly blue-ringed octopus, native to Australia's beaches and oceans! Thanks for reading! [/quote] LOL, the garden would be lovely to see in Gardeners World. Never thought Patrick Star also liked gardening."], [1, 'Having plenty of time on my hands this summer I did some reviews. Yes, I\'m aware this has already been done, but I\'ll just do it once more. No harm there Set# 5615 Set title: The Knight Price: 2.99 Euro / 3.49 USD Pieces: 21 (yes a whole 21 bricks) Release: 2007 The Box: A neat little box that has a great size for dropping into your shopping cart. For once TLG didn\'t shove the bricks into an oversized cardboard box ;) The Knight: This is a great minifig. Though he looks a little unsatisfied...might be because his head isn\'t put on "all the way". A great army builder fig. The only thing that I find a little annoying is that the "collar" isn\'t completely rounded. It looks too much like an animation and left-hand work. The Weapon Rack: YES! Thumbs up for this. Plate mail, sword, shield and jousting helmet. Plus the spear and open helmet on the fig. So many great additions to put into use. Bring it on pesky skeleton army. The all in all verdict: A great set. A little too expensive compared to the Crossbow Attack in which one gets 2 knights and a skeleton plus bricks for 5.49 EURO / 5.99 USD. But still a great army builder set. And the 7090 set, does not have the same Knight fig. KimT'], [1, "I bought four of these sets. I guess this was the best selling Impulse set so far. Great idea to have weapons and helmet choice. As for the price, I'd say 7090 is surprisingly cheap!"], [1, "Very good set. Indeed the possibility to alter the knight's appearance hugely boosts the value! Very smart thinking of TLC. Got one of these so far, but if I ever do a Castle-related comic or animation, this will be the set I buy tons of."], [1, "Argh! What I was typing kept getting deleted by my stupid keyboard!!!!! On Topic: This looks like a great little set, I could use a few of these, but I haven't seen any at a local store. Too bad for me I suspose . Great review, and I like the green plate on the bottom, never can have too many greens for my small but expanding swamp I'm building. Hope I can pick some of these up eventualy."], [1, 'Time for another of the great Castle sets. And yes this one is a great army builder set as well :D Set# 7090 Set title: Crossbow Attack Price: 5.29 Euro / 5.99 USD Pieces: 54 Release: 2007 The Box: And as the other two sets reviewd so far (7009 and 5615), this one has a fitting box that is too easily snatched from the shelf and put into your shopping cart. - Not sure it\'s a great thing...too expensive in the end :D The Crossbow Attack Cart: The cart is a neat little build that actually works. And for once we\'re not given that awful technic launcher, but a "build-it" launcher! It actually works just fine for it\'s purpose. The addition of two crossbows makes it worth buying. Never can get enought weapons for the evergrowing Crownie army. The Figs: Oddly I\'ve not taken any pics of the figs and therefore I\'ll illustrate using the S@H pic. The figs are great. I love the silver helmets and in this set you get 2 crownies and a skeleton plus a white skeleton horse. That\'s a lot of figs for a set this size. A true army builder. Thumbs up for that. The All in All verdict: Another small, yet super set in the Castle theme. I bought several of these to make a fine little army. It\'s cheap and often found on sale! I can hardly resist buying it when I see it KimT'], [1, "Hard to find (in Italian shops); I had a friend buying one for meas soon as the set was available. I always wanted another one, so while in Switzerland (see KimT's 7009 review for the full story), I bought two. For 5 €uros you get two knights, a skeleton and a skeleton horse, some hand weapons and a shooting device (please remember, don't aim at the eyes!) Just great."], [1, "This little bugger brought me back from my Dark Ages! As a movie fan, I just couldn't resist the thought of making an animation with living LEGO skeletons (I'm referring to Ray Harryhausen's work on the classic Jason and the Argonauts here). Buying the Indy sets stopped me from getting a lot more Castle sets. Though in time I added the Final Joust, the Wizard and the impulse Knight to my collection, as well as buying more unique figs (King, Princess) from expensive Castle sets off Bricklink. So yeah. Great little set. Two crownies, a skeleton and a skeletal horse, you just cannot resist that! Even if you hadn't been buying LEGO for 5 years. As far as I'm concerned, this set is One For The Ages! I love it!"], [1, 'This is an awesome set in my opinion. I scraped my crossbows for MOCing recently, but the set is still an amazing army builder. For the price for the SW battlepacks, which have 4 minifigs and a cheap vehicle, you get 4 knights ( this is 2 sets to equal the price of a BP ), 2 Skellys and 2 skelly horses, plus 4 crossbows, 4 good wheels, and some other good dark blue and brown pieces for my ever expanding castle town. Great Buy.'], [1, "And another set enters the scene: Set# 7009 Set title: The Final Joust Price: 8.29 Euro / 7.99 USD Pieces: 62 Release: 2007 The Box: And yet again TLG has put the bricks in a box, that somehow corresponds with the amount of bricks in it. The Castle theme has got well designed boxes :) The whole set (build): 2 knights, jousting fence and weapon rack. The Weapons Rack: Another great addition of weapons. Flail, halberd and skeleton scimitar. Super weapons for those close encounter melee battles fought when tipped off the horse : :grin:P The Jousting Fence: Not much to say. It's a fence. Simple, yet it serves it's purpose very well. The Crown Knight: Gotta love that guy. He looks like nothing can hurt him. He even got a selfsufficient smile on his face. I'm sure he's convinced that no skeleton can defeat him. Also the horse, it's barding and the headcover looks awesome. A great old school sword and the ever cool normannic shield. What could possibly go wrong for this knight? The helmet I really love. IMO it's a lot better than the old knight helmets (see review of 5615 The Knight for a pic of one of those). The Skeleton Knight: The black skeleton horse ROCKS! I love that design and in black it's even badder than than the white version. The shield reeks of dread and the knight is one bad skeleton on the rampage. I do find that the helmet is a little off! I'd rather have a black knights helmet instead. The KK helmet doesn't really do it for me. The All in All verdict: This is another great army builder set. It holds a lot of great weapons, some cool minifigs and great pieces. The only thing that puzzles me is; why would a Crown Knight joust a Skeleton? Doesn't really make sense. KimT"], [1, "I've been waiting to hold this set in my hands for about a year and a half. Thanks to a silly TLC decision, 7009 was not available in Italian stores. I finally decided to buy it on the net (2x , plus some other sets) and those morons at the Custom charged me quite a lot. After I bought it, while waiting for it to arrive, I found out it was available in a store in Switzerland, not far away from home... That's for the storytelling. As for the set, I thought it was great, and still think so. A good army builder (as quite a few sets in the 2007/2008 castle line), and a time traveller (6021 being my first Lego Castle set ever). Rating? 5/5! Edited by The Cobra, 13 August 2008 - 09:04 PM."], [1, "Lovely set. Nice collection of weapons. Cool horse-accesoires for the white knight, cool black skeletal horse on the dark knight's side. Loving the printed armours of both knights! And, as opposed to KimT apparently, I really dig the black helmet. I feel there's a Lord of the Rings-flavour to it with those curves. Well designed!"], [1, "Another small set my local Target doesn't have. They don't have the best castle selection, they only really have dwarven mines and Castle Seiges. I'll buy this if I see it there though, because it looks like a great little set. I could use the awesome knight, and a skeleton that has a regular body so he looks like he is in armor!!!!!"], [0, 'I should really get one more of these for the figures, shields, and weapons. This set is the only one with the scythe in pearl-grey, by the way. "The only thing that puzzles me is; why would a Crown Knight joust a Skeleton?" Good question. For a joust to make sense, this set should contain two human knights instead -- which would be fine with me so long as they had differing armour and colours. Edited by Tenorikuma, 13 August 2008 - 03:51 AM.'], [0, "I'm not a huge fan of this set but it is a great way to nab a fully mounted knight complete with a very attractive barding. Given that in prior years it wasn't possible to get a barded horse in such a small set, this set is actually a decent way to build a mounted cavalry for your kingdom. Looking at bricklink, it would probably cost as much to buy the Knight, horse and weapons separately, and that doesn't take into account the skeleton or the extra bricks. Despite my indifference to this set, I actually have purchased four of them in the past year simply because there isn't a cheaper way to acquire a mounted knight. (A quick question about the poll: are we voting on the quality of the set, or the quality of the review?) Later. Edited by blueandwhite, 13 August 2008 - 05:50 AM."], [0, 'blueandwhite, on Aug 13 2008, 05:49 AM, said: (A quick question about the poll: are we voting on the quality of the set, or the quality of the review?) Later. The quality of the set. Feel free to comment on the review and/or set also.'], [1, "This set is a great little bundle, the kitted out knight, skellie knight, weapons, and the few bricks for the fence and weapon rack. The Castle 07 barding here is very nice, indeed the colour scheme of the new Castle guys is great IMO, the light blue and blue work nicely together and against the grey background. I don't really like the pearl grey helmet - it would be nicer in metallic silver like the visor I think. Interesting comment re: the skellie helmet - I guess black normal knight's helmet with visor would be quite nice for him. I got this set as part of the Complete Castle Collection from S@H. However, I have extras of all the smaller sets and Skeleton Tower, except I don't have another one of this set. It's on my list of sets to buy. Unfortunately it wasn't on S@H for Ireland when I was making later orders - quite an odd omission. Also last year Castle '07 was exclusive to Argos (UK catalogue retailer) who only had three sets (not the joust). I should see if the local toy store has it now though, as they did stock some '07 Castle in addition to '08 at the start of the year. I think small sets like this should be well stocked in shops for a year or two - it surely doesn't do their sales much good to be so sporadically available? Sorry, turned into a bit of a ramble. Anyways, the point is that this set is good enough I'd pick up another. The Cobra: that sucks about customs. I try to keep my orders to within the €23 duty-free limit for here in Ireland. If your imports are waylaid you pay 20% import duty, 21% sales tax, and a postage fee for the diversion to customs. NASTY! Edited by brickzone, 13 August 2008 - 11:15 AM."], [0, "KimT, on Aug 13 2008, 05:00 AM, said: The quality of the set. Feel free to comment on the review and/or set also. Thanks . The set is average. It's useful for picking up a few knights, but I'm not really partial to the skeleton. The idea of a knight and a skeleton tilting just strikes me as being odd. My biggest issue with the current castle line is that most sets force you to purchase a mixture of skeletons/knights orcs/knights orcs/dwarves etc.. This is fine for those of you who love your fantasy, however it makes the line a bit underwhelming for the rest of us. Still, as mentioned earlier the set does have an upside so it is worth a purchase. The review on the other hand is aces with great photos and a detailed description of the set and its contents. Nice work."], [1, "You know what I think this set has? Charm. Lots of it. I'm not a big fan of castle, having very few sets, all of them spanning different nations/armies, but I couldn't resist this set. And while not obvious at first, it really is backwards compatible with every castle set with a horse in it. Nonetheless, I think this set is great. It's simple, cheap and has charm. That's good enough for me. Plus it has that fantastic grinning knight and the black skeleton horse. Those just made it better."], [0, "Tenorikuma, on Aug 13 2008, 03:48 AM, said: I should really get one more of these for the figures, shields, and weapons. This set is the only one with the scythe in pearl-grey, by the way. Except, it's just plain dark-grey, You must have gotten this set mixed with another. Though I've never heard of a pearl-grey scythe"], [0, 'Perhaps he meant the pearl light grey lance, which is not that common.'], [0, "brickzone, on Aug 14 2008, 07:42 PM, said: Perhaps he meant the pearl light grey lance, which is not that common. Could be, it's not that uncommon. It's in several sets. Now red is uncommon."], [1, "Good review KimT. Pictures are clear and show each of the pieces in great detail. I agree with your comments as well. I'm a bit curious, does the knight's helm have a hole for plume? I've been debating whether to purchase this set or not. I'm not a big fan of horses so I'll likely barely use them, but I do like the unique minifigs, weapon rack/weapons, and the fact that the divider has a few useful pieces that can be added to other sets. However, I just don't feel the set is worth $8 when compared to Crossbow attack and the Knight's Catapult unless the buyer is really wanting some mounted minifigs. Luckily, Amazon just lowered their price of this set from $8 to $6 (along with another 20% if using Bill Me Later... just in case anyone was also in the same situation I was in). At that price, it's damn well worth it."], [1, 'dj2005, on Aug 29 2008, 11:26 AM, said: I\'m a bit curious, does the knight\'s helm have a hole for plume? I can answer on behalf for KimT, if memories served me right. Yes, there is a hole for placing the knight\'s plume. Do correct me wrong, if I had answered wrongly. It\'s been awhile since I last touched my castle sets. Thanks KimT for this fine review. This is one of the castle sets which I had bought high volume, mainly for its horses, barding and the weapons. A great army builder and accessories for your castle armies. This is an instant "5".'], [1, "First things first. The knight's helm does have a spot for a plume. Now, I really like this set and it was the first one I dug into when I got my collection in the mail. It has a great selection of equipment for good or evil figures and the barding for the horse is outstanding. My only wish was for one of the long chrome swords for the knights. I think the new knights with the tall shield and chrome sword look excellent on foot and on horseback. It would definitely be neat to revisit this set with another human knight instead of the skeleton. Make that change and add a lady to joust for and it'd be bang on."], [1, "INDEXED Name: Holiday Villa Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1988 Pieces: 197 Minifigs: 2 Price: USD ? There were quite a few sets in the 1980's that weren't sold in the US. I remember reading once that it was because they contained wine glasses and TLG felt they wouldn't be able to market a toy that encourage the drinking of alcohol. This set was one of them. I remember seeing this in a catalog that came with a Fabuland set and wondering what it was and where I could get one. I wrote to LEGO and got an overseas catalog which had the Futuron 6990 Monorail Transport System in it before it was available in the US. I was amazed. I ended up buying 6349 Holiday Villa from that catalog but, for some reason, gave it to my best friend for his birthday. I've always wanted this set and finally bought it from Bricklink this year.... My purchase included everything except the box. I really like the boxes. But, in lieu of a boxshot, here is the instruction manual: I imagine this was the image on the front of the box: The parts One of the things that appealed to me about this set is it's abundance of rare parts. This base plate is an excellent piece and was only available in two sets: Classic LEGO telephone: Technically, these blue windows 1 x 4 x 5 windows are only available in this set, according to Bricklink. It was available in different form (with and without fixed glass, trans blue glass) in other sets. Regardless this size and color window is rare and the blue door was only available in 4 sets. This was a huge selling point for me as I'm a window monkey. Never heard that term? It's like a parts monkey (a collector who buys mulitples of sets just for parts or large lots of bulk from BL and sorts them into bins) but just for windows. Tell your friends I coined the term: These sloped windows have endless possibilities in many themes (maybe not with the curtain decals applied) but are another great rare part that appears in this set: The build Remember this piece? I'd like to see a badass Agents car built on this car base! : I am a fan of the six-wide car but I see the appeal of the four wide. It has a very nostalgic feel to it: There's no denying that this is a beauty of classic LEGO 4-wide cars: This set comes with two mini-figures, one of which appears to be a painter. Classic vintage LEGO figs: Onto the house which begins with the basic floorplan: A kitchen that's open to the rest of the house and a little oven and hood vent is one of my favorite touches. It's one thing to throw an oven into a house set, but the designer of this set made it a cool part of the architecture of the house which gives it a unique feel: The completed first floor and carport: I do wish the sides of the roof were white with a little overhang like an actual roof. This method of white on bottom, red on top looks more like a child's drawing than a real house. This is easily fixed with some modifying. Still, you get a lot of roof pieces in this set: Here we have the completed set. The husband cleans the yard while the wife gets plastered on wine. Don't tell the American kids! Another angle: Working in the kitchen: Getting smashed before dinner. I think she may have a serious problem: The bedroom. A little stark, but the bed looks comfy: Overall shot of the interior: Rating Playability: 9/10 (The possibilities are endless with Drunky McWine-Wine and husband. Really, playability is up to the imagination of the player. It's a house, not really very action-packed.) Design: 9.5/10 (Great design with plenty of rare parts. Love the classic car, too! Loses half a point for the all red roof...) Price: NA (I believe this was inexpensive, but since I have no proof, I will have to leave this factor out of the overall rating.) Overall: 9.25/10 (Classic sets like this all deserve 10s in my book, but looking at it with an objective eye it's Excellent, but not perfect.)"], [1, "This looks like a really great set! I wasn't around in '88 to get it but I like it! It actually has things inside the interior! Thanks for the review. Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 06:11 PM, said: There were quite a few sets in the 1980's that weren't sold in the US. Hooray! (sort of) In England we don't get, in normal shops, Batman and Spongebob sets, and not at all - Avatar sets, and Brickmaster, but America gets all of these. Maybe it's revenge for America's Lego neglect in the 80's. Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 06:11 PM, said: I remember reading once that it was because they contained wine glasses and TLG felt they wouldn't be able to market a toy that encourage the drinking of alcohol. This set was one of them. They didn't want to encourage the drinking of alcohol in America but were fine encouraging it in other places? Maybe that's why my country has such a big problem with binge drinking... Or maybe not."], [1, "That's a great review of a great set, Hinckley! I voted for Outstanding : This set is simply amazing! I regrettably don't own this set since it's very hard to find on Ebay and/or the stickers are missing. But nevertheless I hope that I one day will be able to get this awesome set - or even better - see TLG releasing a new City villa in a style similar to that brilliant set . Klaus-Dieter Edited by Klaus-Dieter, 13 August 2008 - 06:30 PM."], [1, "Nice set what a great find, This is one thing I think the TLG has forgotten about, The creator houses are nice but they are not really geared toward a town them (No mini figs, Cars etc) these sets were and that adds so much to a town layout it can't be overlooked. I really like this I may have to start my EBay searching..... Thanks Hinckley"], [0, 'Shoc, on Aug 13 2008, 11:28 AM, said: They didn\'t want to encourage the drinking of alcohol in America but were fine encouraging it in other places? Maybe that\'s why my country has such a big problem with binge drinking... Or maybe not. I think this was an early sign of American parents being hyper-sensitive to things. "Won\'t somebody think of the children?" Guarded Inn was another set only sold in the Shop-at-Home and not in stores for the same reason.'], [0, 'Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 09:49 PM, said: I think this was an early sign of American parents being hyper-sensitive to things. "Won\'t somebody think of the children?" Guarded Inn was another set only sold in the Shop-at-Home and not in stores for the same reason. And to think that this is the same place that got Dino sets with guns when we Europeans got them without! Well, that is a couple of decades later...'], [0, 'Shoc, on Aug 13 2008, 03:19 PM, said: And to think that this is the same place that got Dino sets with guns when we Europeans got them without! Well, that is a couple of decades later... Yes yes. In the States, horrifying and deplorable violence is fine, but drinking and swearing sends kids directly to hell.'], [1, 'Great review, and great set! I just wanted to comment on the beauty of the car included in this set. It gets no better than a four-wide car and hinged roof (with sunroof!)'], [0, "Great review! I'd give this set an 8 at the least. It's just a tad too simple for my liking but other than that it looks great! While I'm a 4 wide car man I actually think this car looks rather horrendous. The main body seems way too low in comparison with the windows. The rare parts however do make up for it. Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 11:23 PM, said: Yes yes. In the States, horrifying and deplorable violence is fine, but drinking and swearing sends kids directly to hell. Somehow, I feel like watching South Park now ... That was such a good episode"], [1, 'Hairy Ruben, on Aug 13 2008, 05:03 PM, said: Somehow, I feel like watching South Park now ... That was such a good episode I thought it was Simpsons, but you\'re right-it\'s a Sheila Braflowksi line. Isn\'t it in the movie, though? Right before "Blame Canada?" On topic, I find it funny that people find that car so great. I don\'t like 4 wide cars but I also think it\'s beautiful just because of the nostalgic feeling I get looking at it-like hot cocoa on Christmas morning with a new teddy bear in my stocking. Get out of my socks teddy bear! My feet are cold! Is that Santa\'s boot dangling from the chimney? What\'s that smell? Anyway, does anyone long for the days of 2-wide cars with 2 x 2 slope windshields that were more suited for a skateboard than a car? I suppose someone has to have affection for those things. Who was around back then? CopMike? Gylman? Hobbes? Do you like 2-wide cars? Seriously though, anyone? My point is, as much as I like the realism of the six-wide and wider cars, the 4-wides make me feel all warm and fuzzy.'], [0, "Hinckley, on Aug 14 2008, 12:10 AM, said: Do you like 2-wide cars? I didn't even knowthere ever were 2 wide cars Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 11:23 PM, said: Yes yes. In the States, horrifying and deplorable violence is fine, but drinking and swearing sends kids directly to hell. You forgot sex ..."], [0, 'Well, technically it is 4 wide...'], [1, 'Lots of rare parts and a good baseplate, sounds great. How much did this cost you and where did you get it from?'], [0, 'Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 11:10 PM, said: Do you like 2-wide cars? Seriously though, anyone? I Love them: Just see my brickshelf'], [1, 'This is my favourite house which I owned during my childhood. Although it\'s in the crypt, but I hope to build it back one day. Looking at your review makes me so envy of you to own a complete set. The baseplate is very unique especially for its stoned pattern. Classic LEGO telephone is just so lovely especially when its printed. The entire house layout is simple and very nicely constructed. In fact, the simplicity just showed how much LEGO could do with such parts. There are many nice furnitures included in this set such as the little oven/stove, dining table, bed and car porch. The little black car is a classic example of a true 4-studs car. I love this house very much, and my verdict is a full "5". No doubt about it. Thanks Hinckley for this lovely review.'], [0, "I've 2 of these sets. One is for sale ....."], [-1, "It's a nice house but perhaps a little sparsh on detail. Just a few more pieces for additional furniture would have been nice. Like the car though."], [1, "This is a really good set. What makes it nice is that it is so simple but perfect, a feeling that sets don't emit often these days. I voted outstanding. Hinckley, on Aug 13 2008, 07:11 PM, said: Remember this piece? I'd like to see a badass Agents car built on this car base! I was bored and I needed inspiration... It's not Agents but hey, nothing is perfect. Dr. Brick"], [0, "Shoc, on Aug 13 2008, 06:28 PM, said: They didn't want to encourage the drinking of alcohol in America but were fine encouraging it in other places? Maybe that's why my country has such a big problem with binge drinking... Or maybe not. of course, who said it HAD to be wine in the first place? i often drink sprite from wine glasses so i feel fancy..."], [1, "Thanks for the wonderful review. This is really a beautiful set - I love the old lego houses from the 80's and 90's - they were always very quaint and well designed. Actually, I like the old car designs too, but only for their nostalgic value (in reality, they are very unrealistic and look more like go carts). That said, not all four wide cars are silly looking - the 4-wide cars in these city sets are awesome and fit in with the modern CITY style great."], [0, 'Cool review! I never knew that those wine-glasses could be the reason for this not being sold in the US!'], [1, "I just bought this! It's truly a wonderful set and I love the houses from that era as well. Very charming. Great review!"], [1, "I wish I could find this set some day (including the right baseplate). Some of my House MOCs are styled after the classic 6349. And sometimes I've rebuilt it after Instruction Scans exchanging the baseplate (I don't own one of these) with 2 at 16x32 each. And this city house out of an older thread of mine. It's offensive, that I've used styling elements of 6349's just enlarged. In terms of interior details: Not much, but still enough for classic town. I voted outstanding mFg Widdi Edited by Widdi, 09 October 2008 - 01:22 AM."], [1, 'This is an awesome set, man... and a great review. Just too bad it is so rare! I voted 5. By the way, does anyone know if there is a review for this? Or other sets that come with a camper, perhaps? Also, I was wondering if the creator houses are in scale and could be used with minifigs and such.'], [1, 'Has anyone noticed the dwarf in one of the completed shots? Nice set, alot better than the new City sets...*looks at an army of firefighters that have no fires to put out and the police officer army* Edited by indianajones, 21 April 2010 - 12:06 PM.'], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members and Town Lovers, Today, I will be doing up the third item in the SHELL Promotional series in 1998. Three out of the eight promotional sets are under Town theme. The third in the line is the Exterme Team sub theme which is promoted in 1998. Extreme Team is a bunch of adventurous, daring, breath taking individuals that risk their lives for an unforgettable excitement of the lifetime. Their vehicles range from land, air and sea type of extreme taking types. Extreme Team is one the unknown themes ever released in my "Dark Age". I only had this small lovely set in my Entire Extreme Team collection. Hope we are able to see more interesting reviews under Extreme Team as well. Name: Extreme Team Raft Theme: LEGO System / Town / Promotional / SHELL Year: 1998 Pieces: 19 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD$2.00 An image of a 2537, Extreme Team, Raft This will be an exciting water adventure! This is another great addition to your female population count. She is one of thhe daring individuals in the Extreme Team, that take her raft beyond limit, into the rough waters where she might face possible dangers. Look how confident she is, with those witty eyes of her. I am very sure she will survived the course of her entire journey. Raft\'s Design This is a very simple design, with just a big piece of wooden plank and a couple of logs tied together on the side, and it is ready to take it down to the water. Speaking of some real adventure, do you dare to take this raft in the unknown waters? There is a small holding area, where she is able to place her critical equipment to ensure her safety throughout the journey. Bottom of the raft Excellent range of equipment This set actually provides very good range of equipment. There is a pair of oars, hammer, life vest and backpack. The most wonderful piece of equipment is the pair of dynamites. First of all, they are printed. Next, they can be used in Wild West or any playing possibilites which involved in explosives. This is a very good impulse set to stock up these accessories. I wondered what she need to use these dynamites for? Her Extreme Team black jacket is very nicely designed, with their logo "X" or another way of saying "Xtreme". I find the green arms and black jacket matched pretty well, with that blue cap. Front view Relaxing herself, listening to the calm sea To summarise, this is one of the better impulse sets ever produced. It comes with a simple raft with tons of good accessories, and a very cheap way to obtain dynamites. In fact, these are my only 2 piece in my entire collection. Somehow, this set managed to find its way to my collection in my Dark Age, and I am very pleased to have this. No major flaws on this set, it fufill the conditions of an excellent impulse set! Summary review Playability: 9.5/10 (High playability involved. You can used it as an Indy, Adventurers or whatever purpose for the raft) Design: 10/10 (Very very simple design with superb great accessories. For a promo/impulse set, it\'s very good) Price: 9.5/10 (A very inexpensive set based on the 1998 pricing. Great way to buy this to add in some adventures of your own) Overall: 9.7/10 (This is a fanastic set, mainly for its accessories. Get it if you still see any of these. It\'s defintely worth the money, if its reasonable) I gave it a "5" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated)'], [1, 'This would be great for any Pirate fan, the extraback pack for the soldiers, some spare owes for the row boats, a female face for a wench, and a rather simple raft for that unlucky pirate lost at sea! Over all a nice set, I am a little confused by the dynamite though... perhaps an easy way to go fishing or perhaps to clear a rock in the forseen future? Or is it that she is just a suicide bomber attacking the white house water (joke not ment to be tasteless or offensive to those lost in the act of terrosim, greatest respect to those who have lost loved ones) Great Review, Regards Cpt. PB'], [0, "Cpt. Pegleg Blockbeard, on Aug 14 2008, 03:29 PM, said: Over all a nice set, I am a little confused by the dynamite though... perhaps an easy way to go fishing Hilarious! I bet she threw out the penicillin and flare gun to make room for the axe and dynamite in her survival kit. Who wouldn't? Maybe she's a Lost escapee."], [1, 'Overall, an excellent set concerning the price range. Nice review, WhiteFang!'], [1, "Good set, I laughed at the dynamite, but not as much as that axe... not many trees on the rapids. Looks like she's got more than dynamite to cause havoc in the harbour..."], [0, 'Again a great review, WhiteFang! I voted for Average: The minifig and the accessoríes are excellent - but the raft itself is very poor. Klaus-Dieter'], [1, "Glad some of you like this set for the wide variety of good accessories. It seemed some are unfavour of the raft's design. Well, I think for an impulse set. The raft's design is quite good. At least, it took care of the color scheme well. It's just a simple raft for the adventurer to move onto the river stream and throw some dynamitte to blow some obstacles away. Cpt. Pegleg Blockbeard, on Aug 14 2008, 03:29 PM, said: This would be great for any Pirate fan, the extraback pack for the soldiers, some spare owes for the row boats, a female face for a wench, and a rather simple raft for that unlucky pirate lost at sea! Your comments make me feel like I has just done a Pirate review instead of an Extreme Team Review."], [0, "Water and lit dynamite isn't a good match."], [1, 'Aerial Recovery Set #: 6462 Theme: Town Res-Q Year Released: 1998 Piece Count: 201 Minifigs: 3 List Price: $25 (USD) My personal favorite of the Res-Q theme released in 1998 was this helicopter, 6462 Aerial Recovery. The set offered a pretty modern helicopter, raft, three-wheeler, rescue gurney and net, and three figs including a diver. The set is action-packed and offers a high degree of play value. Starting with the box, front side and back: Front Back I always liked the rough ocean/sea water pictured in the boxart. The same image from the front of the box appears on the cover of the instructions: But the back of the instructions picture a plain view of the copter: One sticker sheet with a few "Res-Q" stickers is included, mainly for the tail section of the helicopter: Interestingly, the set includes three figures, one being a diver. What I always found strange is the inclusion of an "X-Treme Team" Diver who has the logo on his torso (although it\'s a very nice fig): Back shot: I think this was my first set with a Lego three-wheeler. I always liked it a lot: The set includes a yellow raft (also found in the Divers sets) and some scuba gear: NOTE: the raft has a black piece in it\'s center for lifting up by the helicopter For sea and emergent rescue, a gurney can also be lifted by the helicopter: The set also includes a net with hook to lift the three-wheeler and other items. An extra string pulls the net closed: Here\'s a shot of the helicopter: The front section has a large trans. blue piece enclosing the cockpit: Inside is a printed radar slope: A smaller trans. blue piece appears a bit higher for access to the middle section of the helicopter and/or a small storage area: In the middle section is an place for the gurney and a box for storing some of the adventure gear: Here\'s a picture showing the gurney: On the side is a pulley mechanism that swings to the right when not in use: On the opposite side is the winch to raise and lower the grappling hook: Here\'s a picture of an open storage box: I like the tail section with propeller: Decal is not shown Here\'s another shot of the copter from a different angle: And the final image, the entire set: Final Thoughts Personally, I think this is pretty nice set. I like the thought of using the helicopter to rescue people at sea using the working winch. Extras like the trike/three-wheeler and the rescue net make the set even more fun. Hope you enjoy this Res-Q review.'], [1, "Thanks for this review TheBrickster, i also have this set and think it's one of the best helicopters TLG made in the 90's. It's quite big and has got place for 2 minifigs in the cockpit. I also like the fact that there's a victim included in form of the x-treme diver, which also is a theme i always loved as a kid. Do you have any other Res-Q sets left to review? It would be an honour for me to also do a review of one or more sets which are left, but unfortunately i got not much time at the moment."], [0, 'metalandi, on Aug 15 2008, 07:16 AM, said: Do you have any other Res-Q sets left to review? It would be an honour for me to also do a review of one or more sets which are left Thanks Metalandi. This and the Emergency Evac set are the only Re-Q sets I have. I would encourage you to share a review as you have done some very nice reviews.'], [0, "Cool, then i think i'll do a review of 6451 River Response later today or tomorrow, stay tuned!"], [1, 'I got this set as well as a Res-Q hovercraft. This set is cool because of all the accessories and it come with a X team guy. Your set is also in much better condition than mine. You have made me decide to rebuild it. Another great review TheBrickster. Keep up the good work.'], [1, "Looks like a nice helicoptor, I love the 2 cockpits. I love the diver's head, I really need one of those."], [1, 'This helicopter is so cool and I agreed with you that this is a high playablity set. It\'s not common to see such a big scale helicopter which has two cockpits back then. The color scheme works well for me. With so much features such as the lowering of the grappling hook, storage box, storing of the gurney and etc. One thing which can be improved onto the helicopter is the rotors. It could be extended a little longer as the size of the helicopter is too big. It makes the rotors rather weak as it is not able to support the weight. I am confused why there is an extreme team personnel there. I thought he was supposed to be recovered from the Res-Q team? Although there is so many questions in my head such as why include the black tri-cycle bike, Extreme Team, and etc but this is still one very good set to play with. Too bad, I had never seen this before. Somehow, through your review, I like it very much. The only big scale helicopter which I owned is the 7738 Coast Guard Helicopter and Lift Raft. Neverthless, I gave this a "4". Thanks Brickster.'], [1, 'The helicopter looks nice and the RESQ minifigs were nice. The diver minifig had once been a personal favorite of mine.'], [0, "Thanks for the review brickster, I do own this set in it's original form, The only drawback that I have noted previously is the lack of rotor's and the cobraesq of the copter body I wish it had a larger fuselage but I still have it and I still like it despite my criticism....Which I am sure is in my eyes only. Thanks again Brickster. I wish I had bought some of the other Res Q sets but of course I only bought three."], [1, "A neat set with lots of accessories, but I never liked any of the LEGO helicopters with long streamlined canopies, as they are obviously more influenced by military helicopters and space ships, than by real civilian transport helicopters. I'd give it a 3 at best. Very good and thourough pictorial review though!"], [1, "I've always wanted this set and the hovercraft... too bad I never did. Great set."], [-1, "I stopped collecting LEGO sets in the early 90s because of this kind of sets. I've always been a classic town fan and I really didn't liked the futuristic design of TLC's newer sets."], [-1, "I think the set is too unrealistic, I like the new ResQ sets better (and I'm somewhat a Lifeboat freak so I'm always following such a sets with interest). I would like to see some rigit inflatable boats some day ;) but about the chopper, I like the accessoiries."], [1, "What exactly makes you feel this set isn't realistic? It has got nothing what wouldn't be on a real helicopter, imo. and for the futuristic design, yes, it looks modern, but it works. And actually, most of today's real helicopters also don't look like in the 70's anymore."], [0, 'metalandi, on Aug 24 2008, 04:17 PM, said: What exactly makes you feel this set isn\'t realistic? Since the question was asked... 1) tiny rotors 2) dual cockpits (only seen on a few military copters) 3) stretcher extends beyone edges of fuselage when inside the vehicle 4) Extra long canopy (really only seen on military helicopters), and "military" design. 5) Black colorscheme for rescue vehicle. The the stretcher, minifig designs and rescue logo are the only things about this copter that really suggest that it is a civilian rescue aircraft. It\'s a toy set with alot of play value, but I agree with Karto that these kind of desgins really turned me off to alot of the TOWN and CITY sets of the 90\'s. On the positive side, the new CITY sets, with thier realistic non-futuristic designs have really tempted me to buy more vehicles.'], [1, "It took quite some time, but now i'm finally continuing with city reviews. This one beeing about a really good set of the RES-Q theme, and also one of my favourites of this theme. It brings a lot of playability and an incredible amount of useful pieces, even with only 145 bricks in complete. Set Nr.: 6451 Name: River Response Number of minifigs: 3 Number of pieces: 145 Release Year: 1998 Price: ~20 USD (Back then, when it was new) Unfortunately i haven't got the box of this set anymore, but the instructions are still there in good condition: We get 3 RES-Q minifigs in this set, from which i really love the detailed torso's: A shot of the complete set with both the boat and the little car off board: The before mentioned car is really, really little, but it still got enough space to transport 2 minifigs: A closeup of the rubber dinghy: The speed boat as stand-alone: As already said before, this set brings a big count of equipment and accesoires with it, which is really good for a set this size: In the middle section of the boat there is enough space for a minifig to sit in and put on his diving equipment: And last but not least, a shot from the whole set wirh everything attached, at the front section you can see a wench which also adds a lot to the set: When i got this set back in the day, i was really happy about it and for sure spent a lot of tie playing with it, because of it's great features as the wench in the front of the boat, or the car the boat can transport. I hope you like my little review, stay tuned for more in the next days! edit: I forgot the poll, can sombody add it please? I don't know how to do or if it is possible to do that myself Edited by metalandi, 15 August 2008 - 03:59 PM."], [1, 'This set was my first set ever from the ResQ series, And i loved it entirely! Ofcourse i modded it slightly here and there after hours and hours of fun and excitement, It has great play value, even for a set in this size'], [1, 'This is one of my favourite sets. I remember getting it in Tesco soon after it was released. Those were the days... The res-q line was good, and this set made it better.'], [1, 'wow. I loved this set, I still have it actually... in pieces though, i took it apart quite soon after i got it, then managed to lose the instruction manual'], [1, "If you still have all the parts, try to rebuild it, you'll see that it's a great feeling!"], [0, "Very nice review. This is another set which I had never seen before when I am in my dark age. Quite an useful set, especially with the accessories and the minifigs' torsos. The speedboat is able to hold the car and the rubber rescue boat. How can the driver steer this boat with so many things blocking the way? I can't seemed to find its control though. Thanks for doing this review."], [0, 'Nice review. I always wanted this set. The speed boat makes the set. Thanks for sharing.'], [1, 'Well I for one really like this set it has to be one of the nicer ribbies that TLG has made tons of playability and nice options for redesign, Great set overall. Thanks for the review.'], [1, "6004 Crossbow Cart Review Because I may start collecting Castle here is a review of one of my few castle sets. Please note I hurriedly put his together meaning some parts are the wrong color, look out for them! This review will also be done in my Star Wars review style. The lighting is also particularly bad in the pics. On with the review... Parts: 20 Figs: 1 Price: ????? 1.Overview and fig The whole set. The Fright Knight's knight. The disemboweled knight. The head printing is just longer then the helmet visor. 2. The cart The cart has 3 crossbows and 2 Norman type shields. The cart's advanced defense and weapons systems. All the parts from the cart. (Forgot to add the fig in) 3.Extras & overall Here are all my Castle figs. Remember I don't collect Castle. (yet ) Oh yeah I forgot to put one of the old skellies and a ghost on there. Could a castle fan tell me if any of these minifigs are rare. I have no idea because I don't collect castle. Build: 6/10 Pretty standard for a impulse. Minifigs: 7/10 Nice minifig with lots of accessories. Design: 8/10 This set made way for some of the new castle carts of similar size. Parts: 10/10 3 Crossbows, 2 shields, arrow quiver, and spear as well as cool minifg in a 20 piece set! Price: 10/10 Well I don't know but LEGO was cheaper in '97 so it gets 10. Playability: 5/5 Pretty much standard for a impulse set. Overall 8/10 Good parts and price as well as minifig scores this set an 8. Thanks for reading."], [0, "Nice review I collect castle too and the ghost isn't really rare (I have one too) but it's not really found anymore so It would be a good thing to keep it. anyway great review Edited by mammymarf, 15 August 2008 - 08:48 PM."], [0, "About the rarest one up there is that black ninja. I only have one ninja and he is dark grey. I also have five samurai. The witch may be fairly rare but I am not sure. I didn't really collect much in the Fright Knight era."], [1, 'Very nicely done - this cart is a striking resemblance to the crossbow cart we got in 2007.'], [0, 'Nice review I agree with Thok it’s quite similar to the more recent crossbow attack, though this one has the added benefit of two shields. This set would I fleet be more useful to army builders than most of the modern castle sets, even though many people don’t like frightknights.'], [0, "Quote even though many people don’t like frightknights. I don't really like Fright Knights either I just happened to have this set."], [0, "Looks great, and the figures up there are old, and kinda rare. I don't really like fright knights though, so I probably won't get this set."], [0, 'Thanks for the review. I\'ve added it to the index. I\'m not a fan of this theme. But I have to say that this is a neat little set, that does hold some good things. Figs and weapons are always welcome and one can never have to many wheels. So I rate this "Average."'], [1, 'This is a pretty nice set. I really like the torso and its "genericness" so it can be used for other factions. And at least this set has 2 shields (althought I prefer the triangular ones) instead of just 1 shield you get from crossbow attack (from the wrong fraction, I\'d have liked a crown knights shield 100x better). Some improvements for this set would be a normal bow and a sword instead of 2 of the 3 crossbows, smaller wheels and triangular shields. 4/5 from me (actually 3,5 but I\'ll round it up)'], [0, 'I gave it Above Average. It was a nice set and included some nice pieces, but it is only an impulse set after all. Edited by NewRight, 19 August 2008 - 01:06 PM.'], [1, "Originally shared in the History & Adventure Forum for its adventure attributes, here's my favorite of the Outback collection: First, let me say that this little set is one of my all-time favorites because it can be used to sumplement a number of different themes. 1) the set makes a great little adventure airstrip for Adventurers and more recent, the Indiana Jones theme (see also German Headquarters and Port Adventure). I've also used the set as an addition to my Wild West town. The tan baseplate and windmill works great, just subtract the plane, modern equipment, and figs. And lastly, as the set was intended, as an Outback/desert airstrip. Set Description: Outback Airstrip Set # 6444 Pieces: 157 Minifigs: 3 Release Date: 1997 Original Price: $20 (USD) Starting with the box: And the backside. Notice the alternate models. I love the swamp boat: The building is my favorite part of the set. It is simple, has a little detail, two great roof pieces, and a single green window (great piece!): Check out the great windmill piece. It's my only one and makes a great part for Wild West and that farm you always wanted to build. I used it for the Barnhouse of Barnabas Higgens and Spring Valley Ranch On the side of the building is a great radio and a clear glass: Unfortunately, no furniture can be found within the building: And now the airplane: Front view; I love the twin propellors: Side view: And the rear section: The back has a small cargo hold for some boxes/freight or some gear needed in the Outback: The set includes three figs, two with cool shades: And some great equipment. I love the boom box: A shot of the whole set: And another: Summary: As I mentioned above, this set is very versatile and can suplement a few different themes. It's my personal favorite of the Outback collection and I'm really glad I was able to find the set in the late 90s (I almost didn't buy). Sets like this are timeless and so much fun to build and display. Hope you enjoy the review. EDIT: Additional reviews: Review by AgentRick57 (December 24, 2007) Outback Airstrip Review in History & Adventure Forum (February 10, 2008)"], [1, "Great Review! This set has cool features. I just wish that Lego would release this as a Lego Legend and release it to Australia too, since this is a set about Australia. I would've bought two if this were a Lego Legend. That is how good it is. I like the building with latticed window and windmill. I also like the cargo airplane, windsock, and radios. Plus it looks like it's got great minifigs."], [1, 'This is really an ideal small set. In spite of its size, it has nearly everything: • Three minifigs • A vehicle • A building • Numerous minifig accessories • Numerous rare and useful parts • Nice model design (especially for the time period) Too bad Outback came out during my dark years.'], [1, "This is probably my all-time favorite LEGO set. It was originally given to me for my birthday by a close friend of mine back in the release year of 1997. The cargo plane was, by far, my favorite vehicle ever. Unfortunately, someone stole the plane from me when our families went on vacation and the rest of the set was given to my cousin's oldest son when I was no longer interested in my LEGO collection. Now that I'm back into LEGO, I use that building's construction for various projects, especially as a Dr. Inferno look-out shack using parts from extra Mission 3: Swamp Raid. The shack compliments the original set greatly. Edited by Skorpius47, 19 August 2008 - 01:44 AM."], [1, 'This was a cool set I thoght of it as i was building The post plane.'], [1, "The Building is great and detailed, with a few mods it could be added to my Castle town. I don't really like the plane though, seems kind of abstract, not really good in my opinion, but I bet it would be easy to mod to look better."], [1, 'One of the best in my humble opinion. As far as I know it was never released in the UK so the only reason I managed to get my hands on it was on a family holiday to the US, I think they’d only recently opened the Lego store in Disney. Arguable the best feature is that it seems to fit into a wide selection of themes, is it a airstrip in the middle of nowhere, is it next to a only mining town that’s not deserted the possibilities are rather open and that’s truly great.'], [1, "LEGOMAN132, on Aug 18 2008, 09:36 PM, said: This was a cool set I thoght of it as i was building The post plane. Interesting thought. I have the post plane but I haven't opened it yet. I suppose it's the yellow. The plane in this set is much different than most of the other Classic Town airplanes in that it has the double tail section. Here's a shot of the new 7732 Air Mail set - definately a nice set:"], [1, 'I have had this on my Bricklink wanted list for ages, and yet noone with my criteria has it. Nice review and brilliant set.'], [1, 'Set#: 7103 Theme: Star Wars Set Name: Jedi Duel Pieces: 74 Release: 2002 Price: 10 USD Minifigs: 2 (Count Dooku and Yoda) Links: 7103 Brickshelf Folder Bricklink Reference Catalog Peeron.com Introcomment: I remember getting this set solely because I collect Star Wars. As I rebuild it and took pics of it, I found that I actually like this set for different reasons. Dooku\'s speeder is pretty cool and the lightsabre rocks. The Dooku minifig is also great. What\'s not so great is the flythingy and getting another Yoda. Though that\'s kinda hard not to get in a set focused on their duel "You can\'t see the wires, because they digitally removed them." "Be careful or I\'ll digidally remove your head" - Steven Seagal [I hope I quoted that one right ] So to get the review on the move, I\'ll impress you all with a box picture: Neat, huh? One of the smaller boxes, but still kinda big when consider that you only get 74 pieces and 2 minifigs. The instruction isn\'t that big As I said, the Dooku minifigs is awesome I love the print on his torso that combines the brown cape with the torso and also the head is neatly designed. Not a fleshie, though. This was before the flesh-license-facelift A sideview of the light blue speeder. Mmmm that crome light sabre hilt is nice The design of the speeder is also ok, and without the usual off-colour-scheme bricks. No tan or yellow sticking out there Yeah, I\'d panic too if this came right at me...who wouldn\'t when noone\'s driving? And a rear shot. I think the design is a little off. The shields makes it all a little too open in my opinion. The printed bricks are a kick and thus evens the score here. This hideous design is meant to flip Yoda around the air. Put him in this funfair from Hell thing and give him a twister he and Dooku will never forget. My guess is that it\'s there to add some playability, but it\'s just odd and quite useless. Much like the playability soccer thingies in the Ultimate Light Sabre Duel The Verdict: Ups and downs. This set offers both. I rate it as "Average" since the size and price of the set make it acceptable to have odd things. Confused? Good so am I Making a small set isn\'t that easy and remeber this set is from 2002 and a lot has happended since then, designwise that is. What do you think?'], [0, 'Whats wrong with another yoda and some nice light blue bricks? I probably would destroy this set, and keep the minifigs intack tough, chrome lightsabers on!'], [-1, "Thanks for the review KimT! Oldies reviews(old sets ) Are always appreciated. I feel this set isn't that great. 1- Yoda: He is by far the best part of the set. Although, is his weapon blue? 2-Lord Tyrannus: Pretty nice! I feel the middle part of his torso is a bit bland, but that isn't a problem. I wish they would make a fleshie one too. 3- Speeder bike: I always hated this design. The back looks terrible to me. Way too bulky in my opinion. It jusn't give me the image that it's the same as the movie. The lightsaber is amazing! Why is it only in this set? 4-Yoda-Lifter: What? That is terrible. But at least it has some nicely colored parts.... A fine set, but not the best IMO."], [1, 'You think it\'s not a great thing that we get a Yoda fig in an affordable set like this?!? That was the main reason why I got this set! And what do you mean by "another"? Wasn\'t this the only one that was ever released except for the one in the Dagobah/X-Wing set? Sure, he is not the best fig with the unmovable legs and all, but still: It\'s Yoda! Besides, he doesn\'t move his legs a lot in "real" life either. Nice review, though, and thanks for telling me what that liftarm-thingy was meant to be for. I never got that and thought it was supposed to lift up the speeder for some reason. I got two of this set, and the printing on those blue parts were off in the second one I got. Edited by Oky Wan Kenobi, 18 August 2008 - 08:45 PM.'], [0, 'No, Yoda was released in no less than 3(4) sets. Ok, so I remembered wrong. I just have plenty Yodas and one is more than enough For the set list click here Thanks for pointing that out.'], [1, 'Nice review I realy like this set, two nice minifigs in an affordable set and i do like the speeder but that lift thing is strange, but now at least i know what it is, thanks for letting me know!'], [0, 'Thanks for the nice review KimT . I like this set especially by the fact that it is the only set containing the Dooku minifig and the curved lightsaber , I also think that the minifig is cool but I also own the Dagobah x-wing and the wookiee catamaran sets so I have enought minifigs (A clone wars version would be very cool ) and the extra-thingy is well, just OK. The bad part is that I don?t buy the set when it is out and now is go for $40 on ebay and bricklink . Edited by darkrebellion, 18 August 2008 - 09:51 PM.'], [0, 'Oky Wan Kenobi, on Aug 18 2008, 02:41 PM, said: Wasn\'t this the only [Yoda] that was ever released except for the one in the Dagobah/X-Wing set? Sure, he is not the best fig with the unmovable legs and all, but still: It\'s Yoda! Edit: I\'m pretty sure we got a Yoda in the Wookiee Catamaran set from Revenge of the Sith ...runs to check Brickset... yep, there\'s a Yoda in that set, as well. But the Jedi Duel is the only reasonably priced set with the green Force-guru. Nevermind, looks like a couple of other members already covered Yoda\'s availability in other sets. Back on topic: Great review, and a real blast from the past. I never did get this set, just didn\'t care for the speederbike or the weird piece of equipment. Thanks for explaining that it\'s supposed to be used to "force-jump & spin" Yoda all over the place. I never knew that\'s what it was for. Anyway, wish I had known Yoda and Dooku were going to be impossible to get later; I may\'ve picked this set up just for the minifigs. Edited by bamaker, 18 August 2008 - 10:39 PM.'], [-1, "I think this is a pretty lame set. It came with Dooku, who I think only came in this set, plus a unique Lightsaber. Still, they could have made it much bigger, added Anikan and Obi-Wan, and added structures and made it more like the scene from the movie. Also, the speeder doesn't seem very accurate."], [0, 'I missed out on this set but it looks pretty good IMO. Thanks for clearing up what that thing was I thought it was something they flung at eachother in the movie I like the lightsaber also but why did they stop making chrome ones'], [0, 'I wonder how expensive this set would be on Ebay. (Shop Victoriously)'], [1, "I missed this set.But i reallly like the yoda and count dooku.I especially like count dooku's lightsaber.One thing though,is it me oris yoda's lightsaber blue in the picture? Edited by pr0visorak, 20 August 2008 - 12:21 PM."], [1, 'I was very lucky to get this set and I love it, I dont have it built cause i bought it for parts but it was fun while it lasted. .'], [0, "I got this set a long time ago. The review pretty much says all there is to say about it. (Never knew what the red/brown thing was anyway, I used it as a canon.) Isn't this also the only set up until now that had Count Dooku in it?"], [1, 'Great review, KimT! At that time, it was still in my dark age and I hated myself not to get this set earlier. This is quite inexpensive and you are able to get two greatest characters especially Count Dooku. The minifigs are excellent, especially the unique design of Count Dooku\'s lightsaber. I have no problem with the speedbike, as it looks quite alright to me. As for the elevation of Yoda\'s jump adds some playabilty, but that does not work well for me. Nevertheless, the main attractive factor is Count Dooku and I have to rate it a "5". I never own a Yoda, except for the magnet version.'], [0, "Cheers for the review KimT! Of the initial Episode II Lego releases this set was the least inspiring, but the minifigs were must-haves. You can't go wrong with Count Dooku and Yoda! I like the design of Dooku's speeder in the movie but Lego missed the mark a bit with it here and gave him a dodgy flying boat instead! The speeder cradle/Yoda jumping mechanism was just a waste of parts unfortunately. I'd like to see Dooku's speeder re-imagined by Lego. They've come a long way in the way they design a lot of the new Star Wars sets"], [0, 'I know we have another review of this set, but since I just got it, I thought I would share my comments on it. Set Name: Droid Gunship Platform Number: 7678 Pieces: 329 Price: $29.99 Before we begin I will say that I like having a droid gunship, but I still hope we get a MAF: HMP Droid Gunship: MAF Droid Gunship: On to the review. Here we have the box. It is really shiny, and smooth, and fits the set\'s size okay. It has a clean, bright look, and is truley outstanding. The back of the box, which has the features of the set, as well as the other three CW sets. The contents The siticker sheet. No to bad, and the stickers have clear backs, which is always nice. Instructions Here we have the figs(two new droids and one older armed droid for the cockpit), and the extra parts. The build starts with the flat base. Pretty simple. The bottom. The side lasers. Next is the head: It starts pretty soild. The side buble laser turrets. Loveing the detail. On the ship: The "lid" and eyes. The finished cockpit. Cozy interior... Would have had more room if it were the MAF though. The front landing gear. Simple and effective. The back landing gear. The rockets. The clips are annoying. But it make the rockets work so, I guess it was nessecary. Mounted on the bottom. Not very secure, but that\'s why they are meant to be dropped on the clones.... The finished ship. --------------------------------------------- Let me say that the droid gunship is a nice set indeed. Final rating: 86% Hope you enjoyed the review! Please, if you have a ny questions, pic requests, etc, then by all means, ask! Best Regards, VBBN'], [1, 'Thanks for the review. It\'s always good to have a 2nd opinion on a set. I\'ve added the usual poll and I\'ll index it tomorrow (must sleep). Super pics and great to have "in-build" pics A fine set which I\'ll surely buy when I find it.'], [1, 'Very nice review. One thing you have to consider: when lego sees pics of the star wars universe, they have to decide which would be the easiest set to make with the most playibility. Therefore, they chose the HMP. Quote Thanks for the review. It\'s always good to have a 2nd opinion on a set. I\'ve added the usual poll and I\'ll index it tomorrow (must sleep). Super pics and great to have "in-build" pics default_thumbup.gif A fine set which I\'ll surely buy when I find it. default_hmpfbad.gif Where? Edited by Lt. Col. Thok, 18 August 2008 - 10:07 PM.'], [0, 'Lt. Col. Thok, on Aug 18 2008, 10:06 PM, said: Where? In the top of the topic'], [0, 'KimT, on Aug 18 2008, 05:04 PM, said: Thanks for the review. It\'s always good to have a 2nd opinion on a set. I\'ve added the usual poll and I\'ll index it tomorrow (must sleep). Super pics and great to have "in-build" pics A fine set which I\'ll surely buy when I find it. Your welcome! I was going to make that poll, but thanks for doing it. And I always try to take clear pics and in-build pics. Lt. Col. Thok, on Aug 18 2008, 05:06 PM, said: Very nice review. One thing you have to consider: when lego sees pics of the star wars universe, they have to decide which would be the easiest set to make with the most playibility. Therefore, they chose the HMP. Thanks! One thing I belive is this: Lego is starting to make the blue droid faction(aat, vulture droid, etc.), but sometimes makes brown ones(MTT). So maybe they will make a $50 MAF in brown later, like the brown vulture droid last year. Let\'s hope! Edited by ~VBBN~, 18 August 2008 - 10:12 PM.'], [1, 'Thanks for the cool review VBBN . I think this set is really cool and very neat detailed to be a small set , also thanks for the clear pics . Edited by darkrebellion, 18 August 2008 - 10:30 PM.'], [0, 'Nice review! Thanks for the clear pics. Also, if you place a brick so the axles on the bomb mechanisms tips are touching the brick, the bombs should stay on. jifel'], [1, "~VBBN~, on Aug 18 2008, 05:54 PM, said: Final rating: 86% How'd you figure that? But seriously, this looks like a great set, and am planning on making it my next LEGO purchase. How did you ge tis for $25? I almost bought it the other day, the box makes it look so cool. Something about the new clone wars packaging makes you want to buy all the sets on the shelf! Thanks for the review, darthperson Edited by darthperson, 18 August 2008 - 11:09 PM."], [1, "darkrebellion, on Aug 18 2008, 05:29 PM, said: Thanks for the cool review VBBN . I think this set is really cool and very neat detailed to be a small set , also thanks for the clear pics . You're welcome. jifel, on Aug 18 2008, 05:48 PM, said: Nice review! Thanks for the clear pics. Also, if you place a brick so the axles on the bomb mechanisms tips are touching the brick, the bombs should stay on. jifel I do that, but smetimes my hand will slip and knock one loose."], [1, 'Thanks for the review. I have had second thoughts about purchasing this bad boy and I think you made it clear that it was a nice buy. However, I would have loved the MAF too!'], [1, "You're me want to buy this"], [1, "Niuce review! I voted above average, it's very cool but not awesome."], [0, 'And it\'s now a part of the index. I\'ve added it as "Review 2" since we\'ve already got one. Thanks for the review and it\'s always nice to have nmore than one view/opinion on a given set'], [1, "I don't know what it is about this set but I love it. I can't get enough of it. It looks amazing. Nice review."], [1, "CloneMe, on Aug 28 2008, 05:11 AM, said: I don't know what it is about this set but I love it. I can't get enough of it. It looks amazing. Nice review. You've said it all That's exactly how I feel about it. I've not got a single clue as to what this thing is or why. But the colours and the design are awesome. Might be a little small....anyways I'm getting it."], [1, 'It took a long time, but now here it is, the Review of the X-Treme Team Set 6584 Extreme Team Challenge. TheBrickster asked me a few weeks ago to do this, since he unfortunately never owned this great set, so here we go! First i have to say, that i really love this late 90\'s Town Theme, and i wish there would have been produced more sets. This is the only one i own, well, beside that i also still have 6572 Wind Runners, but the car is missing. Anyway, let\'s face the facts and let the pictures speak for themselves! Sub-Theme: X-Treme Team Set Nr.: 6584 Name: Extreme Team Challenge Number of minifigs: 4 Number of pieces: 354 Release Year: 1998 Let\'s start off with a few quick shots of the box & instructions: Inside of the box: We got some ideas for alternative models on the backside (the same ones are also on the backside of the instructions): Instructions: Here\'s an overall view of this huge set: We get 4 minifigs, each with different heads and color patterns, which i really like: ...and also a good amount of equipment for them: Let\'s move on with the cool vehicles, there are 3 (!) completely different ones in this set, first is the neat little trike: Next, the not less neat "4-wheeled off-road-thing" (don\'t know what\'s it called really ): And finally the huge Monster truck, i love the chrome sidepipes and the wench with the hook in the back, which adds a lot of playability: Oh, i almost forgot our brave adventurers also have got a raft to ride the wild mountain waters: Now let\'s focus on the many details of the mountain base. We got a bridge over troubled waters, but be aware, it\'s very unstable! Love the wood patterns on the yellow 1x6 tiles: On a corner a camera is mounted to document the wild life: For the evenings we also got a little campfire: Down by the river sits a grey falcon and watches the guys on their challenges: What\'s that? Seems not very safe, to be honest..be aware when you pass by these rocks.... ....cause it will collapse! Let\'s move up again where the tent is placed, inside is plenty of space to take a rest for the figs and to store their equipment: But i think they should have built the tent on another place cause the ground isn\'t very good there: When you pull the mechanism, a trap door opens: Will the guys all come back home safe and not injured? You decide! All in all this is a really great set, ome may say it is a bit juniorized because of the baseplate, but it really isn\'t. It\'s got a LOT of playability and some rare parts, the biggest beeing the baseplate which is only available in this set. I hope you liked my review, let me know your opinions! Edited by metalandi, 23 August 2008 - 12:56 PM.'], [1, 'I remember getting this for christmas, and despite the earthy grey parts I relly enjoyed it, and it is nice to see pictures of it again- Thanks.'], [1, "Excellent review Metalandi! I really think this looks like a fun set. I esp. love the mountain, bridge, and baseplate. It has adventure fun written all over it. Thanks for taking the time to review this set. I've always seen it in pictures, but never close-up."], [1, 'Metalandi, thanks for doing up this review! This is a chance for me to gain some insight for Extreme Team theme. This is a very interesting set that can be used for so many purposes. 3 different vehicles, wide range of accessories and nice minifigs. What I love the most, is the mountain, bridge and tent. It provided so much playability. I am very impressed with it. Thanks for sharing.'], [1, 'Cool set! I like the tent and monster truck the most.'], [1, 'Thank you for that very interesting review, metalandi. A cool set with a lot of features and some nifty vehicles, very playable and well designed indeed. Perhaps a bit too colorful for my likings, but pretty impressive in its conception for sure. I wish we could see some more landscaping coming along with todays vehicle sets as well...'], [0, "Set data 4920: The Rapid Rider Year: 1999 Subtheme: Rock Raiders Pieces: 37 (+1 extra - TrNeonGreen Plate 1 x 1 Round) Price: Euro 3,50, used, not including S/H, on eBay Building time: less than 10 minutes. More info: Bricklink - Peeron. I could have owned the 4910 Hover scout (see Metalandi's review here), but while I was buying some used sets, I forgot to buy that one too! So, here's my only RR set, the second smallest one (if we don't count Japanese promos; sweets are surely sweeter if they come with a Lego set!) Pieces: Face and torso closeup; I like the torso, the face is good except for the bandanna. Building is based on two big pieces: Landing Skids and Plate 6 x 6 x 2/3 Cross with Dome. Let's go! Building is over: Review: Pros: Small set (= cheap), 1 fig, two accessories, some interesting pieces like the rock and the Crystal. No stickers but 3 printed pieces! Good color choice. Cons: Tipper Bucket is fixed, no hinge. No levers or steering wheel, it probably moves by using the buttons on the 2x2 tile. It deserves a 4/5."], [1, 'This was the first Rock raiders set I got. I really like it, and I think I got all of them except the huge cargo airlift thing. I remember these sets coming out and getting the big base for Christmas, though they are all destroyed now... sadly... . Nice Review.'], [0, 'When I first saw this review title, I thought it said "Rapid River Review" thinking it was an Indian set (6766). Nice review though. I never got into Rock Raiders. I would have loved the large drill bit piece for set #s 4970 and 4940. This set looks like a little boulder hawler, and a nice set to introduce someone unfamilar with the theme. I esp. like the fig and the little 2x2 drill bit tile. The overall set looks like it has some very useful mining-type pieces. Nice review and thanks for sharing.'], [1, 'I have never seen this set before but the minifig head would be perfect for a Solid Snake from MGS 2!'], [1, 'Rock Raiders was the shit back in the day. Awesome theme! I had this set as well as the Tunnel Transporter, which was amazing.'], [0, 'Thanks for the review! Rock Raiders was one of the last new themes i knew as a kid before my dark ages came. Unfortunately i never managed to get any sets from it, beside a few months ago the 4910 The Hover Scout, which i review a while ago. Wish i can get some of the bigger sets in the future.'], [1, "I always thought that this set was under-rated. It contains a really interesting collection of parts, a decent fig, and introduces an odd theme in only one set. Very well designed for one of the 'not greats'. God Bless, Nathan"], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members and Classic Town Lovers, *** Editor\'s Note: To mark the celebration of Classic Town, this set which is released in 1994 and re-released as a LEGEND in 2002. Pizza to Go Review, is dedicated to Classic Town\'s opening cermony and members such as Hinckley, Brickster, ImperialShadows, Sinner and many others whom have contributed to the final success of Classic Town! Thank you so much for inviting me to be part of this wonderful project, and I wish all the best to the success of Classic Town! I urge everyone of you to check out Classic Town and take alook at the cool stuff we have done! *** Today, I will be doing up a review on Pizza To Go set. This outlet is one of the most favourite eatery for any LEGO citizens living in their town. When they are driving on the road, they are sure to look out "PIZZERIA" signage. They offer the best pizza in town. No one in town can resist the delicious aroma of Pizza, coming out from the red chimney. Let us find out why is this shop so popular among so many LEGO citizens and was one of the famous sets that is re-released under the "LEGEND" theme. Pizza To Go is my favourite set of all time. I believed there is no other pizza outlet lying around in any LEGO city apart Pizzeria. It seemed there are the sole outlet that is selling pizza for many years. This set was re-released in 2002 and it is part of the LEGEND theme. This is one of the few sets that are highly demanded to be brought back by many fans of LEGO around the world. I owned the 6350. Any members whom had owned both sets before? Is there any difference between these two? Because when I searched through Peeron, it shown 144 pieces instead of 194 pieces for the 1994 set. Name: Pizza To Go Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1994 (Re-release: 2002) Pieces: 194 Minifigs: 3 An image of a 6350, Pizza To Go Let the delivery begins! Pizza To Go is the regular pizza outlet that sells nothing but pizza. They deliever pizza to every household in town, with their trusty delivery van. Walk-in are welcomed too. There is a stand for customers to dine in their pizza quickly before making their way to their next destination. In my opnon, no town can ever survive without the Pizza Tradition! Devoted "PIZZERIA" staff Every outlet comes with 3 dedicated staff, making sure that operations will run smoothly. On the left, we will have the Pizza Boy, whom is wearing the regular blue dungarees and its white cap. I wonder who is that boy? On the middle, we will have the Pizza Girl. She looks like any typical sweet girl in town that the boys will look at. She is wearing a suntop strapless on her. She reminded me of one person though, I think her name is called Alice. Taking a careful look, I wonder if ImperialShadows is the Pizza Boy back then, without that black patch on its left eye? On another note, this mini-figure was my favourite. Female mini-figures are very uncommon back then. I am glad I have this figure, adding to my town population. On the right, we will have the hardworking chef, preparing the pizzas in the oven. He wears the regular white chef outfit, but he wear a grey pants instead of the usual full-white outfit in most resturants such as Breezeway Cafe (6376). Let\'s take a closer look at the Pizza Boy\'s van! This van is very very small looking and very fuel efficient. It is able to cut lanes very fast due to its small size. The pizza van is made up of 4-studs wide design. No doors by the side. However, in this vehicle, I think the doors is not a must to be included in this design. Our Pizza Boy will need to leave vehicle pretty fast, and ensuring that the pizza delivery is on time. Common mechanism This van has the regular rooftop that can be lifted up to place the Pizza Boy into the driver seat. There is a sun roof on its top, which enable him to let him have some sunlight from above! The logo on the side of it, is actually a transparent sticker, which have the PIZZERIA itallian logo and a tasty looking pizza on both sides of its van. I like that sticker very much. Mine looks quite worn out over time. If its a printed piece, It will be a terrific bonus. Nevertheless, I can still accept the sticker. Our pizza van can deliever up to 2 pizza at a go! At every trip, 2 piping hot pizza will be stored at the back of the van. The pizza is fitted in perfectly in each compartment. Furthermore, the white window shutter, is terrific in this design. You don\'t see this kind of design anymore. I think, I have not seen much delivery vans on the street anymore too. Base of the van From the base, you can see that it is using of the regular red car base that is common in most 4-studs vehicle design. In fact, this car base served as a foundation for its vehicle design. Back of PIZZERIA Alice and the Chef will be showing you around at the back of the kitchen. There is an oven on the left, a water tap and a holder for the oar stick. Looks pretty empty right? Look below for a surprise! My favourite feature! This oven can be used to heat up 2 pizzas at a go. Now, I understand why, this set is named "Pizza To Go". I have been using their slogan unknowingly. This feature is superb nice. Now, we know that the pizza is prepared from the outlet instead of using delivery van to collect it from a factory. Alice, what are you waiting for? Help the Chef quickly! PIZZERIA! The signage sure looks big from far and catches their attention easily too with its pleasnt looking design. As you have already noticed, this is made up of sticker. I don\'t mind, for this set, it contains sticker. Sometimes, I do hope they can give us spare sticker for us to change, after a long period of time. Distinct red chimney This is the front of the oven, and that is where the smoke comes out. Using only bricks to construct this, is simply wonderful. I like the use of their white bricks to construct the wall layout, and a combination of red parts, especially on the top. I like the look of this very much. Another picture on its side Printed parts In this set, you will get a total of 5 pizzas! And, I believed no other sets offer so many pizza. You can placed up to 4 pizzas in the van and oven. Alice will be carrying the last pizza around. The green and red round dish is a printed part. Most Exclusive part in 6350/10036 The most unique and important printed parts that is only exclusive in this set. It\'s at the front of the Pizza van. It is none other, but the Pizzeria logo, standing at the front of the delivery van. (Forgotten to take a picture of this piece, took it from Peeron.) Different views of Pizza To Go outlet Another bright sunday day in Pizza To Go! Summary review Playability: 10/10 (A lot of playing by doing up the pizza process. From preparing to delivery) Design: 9.5/10 (Outstanding design, with great use of bricks. I like the structure of it very much) Price: 9.5/10 (An inexpensive set based on the 1994 pricing. It comes with 3 mini-figs, shop, a van, and a exclusive printed piece) Overall: 9.7/10 (I am not trying to be bias. In fact, this set is absoultely filled with minimum flaws. Look at my review again, if you are not satisfied with it, or tell me what you don\'t like!) I gave it a "5" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf(When moderated)'], [1, 'Easily one of the best town sets ever (and pretty expensive for its size too, is/was it that rare?). I hope I still have all the pieces from mine, unfortunately, my stickers are in pretty bad shape (took them off because I needed the bricks, stupid stickers covering multiple parts , only downside to this set). The design is simple, yet so detailed, and the pizza van looks great. 5/5'], [0, 'I do like the set, although I don\'t own it. I do remember lusting after it when I was a kid, though (mainly because of the female minifig and the colors). It\'s a bit simplistic, but comes with a few great parts. You also did a great job on describing the set, and the pictures give the full impression of the appearance. For the review, I just have to point out a few things, to give you constructive criticism: first of all, it\'s chef, not "chief" (entirely different professions), and secondly, the scale you give in the poll isn\'t very even. "Above average" jumps to "outstanding", which is a too big of a gap in my opinion. You should\'ve used "Good" or "Great" in between them. But these are only minor faults, this is a good review anyway!'], [1, "I rate it a full 5 too. And I wish Lego would make a set like this in 2010. A town needs pizza! Edit: don't always trust Peeron. Sometimes they miss some pieces, and sometimes they just can't count them! Edited by The Cobra, 24 August 2008 - 11:41 AM."], [0, 'Thanks to all of you whom had showed great liking towards to one of my favourite childhood sets. Fluyt, on Aug 24 2008, 06:36 PM, said: I hope I still have all the pieces from mine, unfortunately, my stickers are in pretty bad shape (took them off because I needed the bricks, stupid stickers covering multiple parts , only downside to this set). Flyut, if you need decals for the stickers that are featured in this set. Hang around here until ImperialShadows drop by to give you a little surprise if he is free. Sandy, on Aug 24 2008, 07:33 PM, said: For the review, I just have to point out a few things, to give you constructive criticism: first of all, it\'s chef, not "chief" (entirely different professions), and secondly, the scale you give in the poll isn\'t very even. "Above average" jumps to "outstanding", which is a too big of a gap in my opinion. You should\'ve used "Good" or "Great" in between them. But these are only minor faults, this is a good review anyway! Sandy, I appericate your constructive comments in order to improve the quality of my review. I had amended the word "chief" to "chef". You might want to check it. I did not notice that I was using the wrong word. As for the poll definitions which have been used, for 1 to 5. We used "Poor" to represent value "1" while "Outstanding" to represent value "5". We need to use clear definitions to illustrate and demostrate non-bias towards the review for the readers to cast their vote depending on their individual liking. Therefore, we used a common word which is known as "Average". In surveys, for measuring its sample size\'s liking, we have to use words which is neutral such as Strongly agree, Agree, Neutral, Disagree, Strongly disagree. That\'s why, we used this rating approach to represent the terms. The Cobra, on Aug 24 2008, 07:37 PM, said: I rate it a full 5 too. And I wish Lego would make a set like this in 2010. A town needs pizza! Edit: don\'t always trust Peeron. Sometimes they miss some pieces, and sometimes they just can\'t count them! I am hoping to see a pizza outlet again, maybe in 2010. Well, Peeron can sometimes be not very accurate but it can served as a very useful guide in most areas.'], [1, 'A very good set indeed, we have at least 3 of them, but we like them all.'], [0, 'JopieK, on Aug 24 2008, 10:48 PM, said: A very good set indeed, we have at least 3 of them, but we like them all. What do you mean by "we"? You own three sets of the orignal 1994 series or the 2002 LEGEND series?'], [0, "got this one as well, not much surprises in such a small set, but the fast-food pizza idea is pretty cool. as far as i know only the small mcdonalds promo and this set are related to food/restaurant thing (until the cafe corner that is) But since i have a classic lego city i can't miss this set."], [1, "This set looks really cool, especially for one this inexpensive. The van is neat, and the hidden storage compartment i back is the icing on the cake. I like the back with hidden oven as well, and the rare sink piece makes it all the better. With five pizzas and three minifigs, it's and excellent set to behold."], [1, 'Excellent review White Fang! - and a great set to commemorate the establishment of Classic Town.net. I almost ordered this set back when it was re-released by Lego, but passed on it. I\'m so mad at myself! This has all the terrific qualities that Classic Town sets exemplify. I love the delivery truck and the pizza oven. A great review from one of the "Master EB Reviewers" - outstanding!'], [1, 'One of my greatest lacks in my town...I can remember going to the store to buy this one, and ending up with another set (pirates) at home :p Thank you for the review, it might put me on track in finding this set on the web and purchasing it to correct my childish change of mind, so long ago ;-)'], [1, 'Excellent job, and one of the best sets in history, if you ask me! 5/5 all the way. This is what we need more of. WhiteFang, on Aug 24 2008, 05:22 AM, said: Devoted "PIZZERIA" staff On the left, we will have the Pizza Boy, whom is wearing the regular blue dungarees and its white cap. I wonder who is that boy? On the middle, we will have the Pizza Girl. She looks like any typical sweet girl in town that the boys will look at. She is wearing a suntop strapless on her. She reminded me of one person though, I think her name is called Alice. Taking a careful look, I wonder if ImperialShadows is the Pizza Boy back then, without that black patch on its left eye? On another note, this mini-figure was my favourite. Female mini-figures are very uncommon back then. I am glad I have this figure, adding to my town population. Hmmm... He does look a little familiar, and I definitely recognise the lovely Alice. Now stop staring at her. Sandy, on Aug 24 2008, 06:33 AM, said: it\'s chef, not "chief" (entirely different professions) Actually, Salvatore, as I like to call the chef, was in the navy where he reached the rank of chief, a nickname he holds to this day. So both work in this case. WhiteFang, on Aug 24 2008, 09:12 AM, said: Flyut, if you need decals for the stickers that are featured in this set. Hang around here until ImperialShadows drop by to give you a little surprise if he is free. Surprise? Free? I\'m not even close to free, I\'m rather expensive, but I do have a surprise for everyone! I think you\'ll be interested in the companion article to this fine review, my first set restoration project. Again, great job WhiteFang, excellent review, and TLG, this is a star amongst your sets. Think about that when you\'re designing new ones. Seriously.'], [0, "WhiteFang, on Aug 24 2008, 04:12 PM, said: Flyut, if you need decals for the stickers that are featured in this set. Hang around here until ImperialShadows drop by to give you a little surprise if he is free. ImperialShadows, on Aug 26 2008, 10:53 AM, said: Surprise? Free? I'm not even close to free, I'm rather expensive, but I do have a surprise for everyone! I think you'll be interested in the companion article to this fine review, my first set restoration project. That's great, maybe I'll be restoring my 6350 - Pizza To Go in the near future, thanks . Now to figure out how I can get my printer to do what I want (sometimes that thing has a will of its own ) Great thread about restoring Pizza To Go"], [0, "nice review,3 or 4 years ago my Dad picked up two large boxes full of classic era legos (classic town,some pirate,and alittle episode 1 star wars etc)i couldn't find the building in this set but i had the little van from this set.Its very sturdy, i should know my idiot friend dropped this from my second floor window and it styed togethersure the pizzas fell out and they probably got cold thanks for the review!"], [1, 'Great review! I really like this set and plan on getting it on bricklink. It would certainly add something to my collection!'], [0, 'Wow. Great review!'], [1, "I got the original version as a surprise one Christmas. My parents liked the design so much they got it for me. This is one of the best town sets. If it didn't have the delivery van it would have been on par with 6683 Hamburger Stand, a great set in its own right. The van, and they way the back holds the pizzas, is ingenious and bumps this set up to the highest levels."], [1, 'This set is great and so is this review! I really like seeing reviews of classic sets like this and hope to see more in the future. The chef in this set is the base for my Sigfig in fact! The classic sets have a totally different feel to them than the newer sets. They look more human. Great review!'], [1, "I remember having this set when it was originally released a good few years back, but I don't think I have it anymore. I remember I thought it was really awesome though. I thought the oven and pizza storage in the back of the car were the greatest parts, the little sink on the inside was cool too. Didn't realise they had made a Legends set out of it... I'd love to own this set again, but MISB examples on Bricklink go for an extortionate amount of money. Ah well, se la vie..."], [1, 'Thanks for all of your kind words and great support for this once famous LEGEND set, which got a second chance to be re-released again for people whom had missed it before. Indeed, this is the kind of LEGO sets which is great addition for any LEGO Town or City. TheBrickster, on Aug 26 2008, 02:26 PM, said: Excellent review White Fang! - and a great set to commemorate the establishment of Classic Town.net. I almost ordered this set back when it was re-released by Lego, but passed on it. I\'m so mad at myself! This has all the terrific qualities that Classic Town sets exemplify. I love the delivery truck and the pizza oven. A great review from one of the "Master EB Reviewers" - outstanding! Hope you managed to find a good deal in the Internet. That last comment of yours certainly makes my day bright. Thanks Brickster. You are one of them as well. Lockt, on Aug 26 2008, 03:52 PM, said: One of my greatest lacks in my town...I can remember going to the store to buy this one, and ending up with another set (pirates) at home :p Thank you for the review, it might put me on track in finding this set on the web and purchasing it to correct my childish change of mind, so long ago ;-) What Pirate set did you actually buy instead of the Pizza to Go? Hope you are able to find a good buy on the Internet. ImperialShadows, on Aug 26 2008, 04:53 PM, said: Surprise? Free? I\'m not even close to free, I\'m rather expensive, but I do have a surprise for everyone! I think you\'ll be interested in the companion article to this fine review, my first set restoration project. Geez, you twisted my words "free" Indeed, you are "dear". Lastly, thanks for that lovely surprise. I really enjoyed viewing that sweet decals of yours. Looks tasty too. ImperialShadows, on Aug 26 2008, 04:53 PM, said: Again, great job WhiteFang, excellent review, and TLG, this is a star amongst your sets. Think about that when you\'re designing new ones. Seriously. Actually, this is one of my surviving stars among my sets. Well, I will need to find better sets for the new ones. Section8, on Aug 27 2008, 10:07 PM, said: I got the original version as a surprise one Christmas. My parents liked the design so much they got it for me. This is one of the best town sets. If it didn\'t have the delivery van it would have been on par with 6683 Hamburger Stand, a great set in its own right. The van, and they way the back holds the pizzas, is ingenious and bumps this set up to the highest levels. I agreed with you. In fact, recently there was a hot topic created by K.D on what is your favourite takeaway. Look at here for more discussions and views.'], [1, "I used to want this set so badly and I almost got it when it was rereleased. I still wonder why I didn't because with a building, van, 5 pizzas, and a then very rare female fig. this set would have been perfect for someone with a smaller collection like I had then. What surprised me the most is how well this set still holds up to others today. Off to bricklink!"], [1, 'Definitely one of my favorite sets from my childhood; I still remember my sister getting it for me for my birthday and me building it that same day. Too bad I had it displayed all these years on my windowsill so the pizza delivery van and pizzeria have become yellowed.'], [0, "Thanks for the nice review of this great set, WhiteFang! I always want to grab one, but the price to buy it now is too forbidding... I also always think the girl minifig is supposed to be a customer... LEGO is really up to everyone's own imagination... Edited by Alywin, 15 May 2009 - 06:27 PM."], [0, 'It\'s defintely nice to see this past Classic Town review re-surface again. I Tom Bricks, on May 15 2009, 10:05 AM, said: I used to want this set so badly and I almost got it when it was rereleased. I still wonder why I didn\'t because with a building, van, 5 pizzas, and a then very rare female fig. this set would have been perfect for someone with a smaller collection like I had then. What surprised me the most is how well this set still holds up to others today. Off to bricklink! I agreed that this set is perfect for someone with a small collection. In fact, I feel that this set is one of the "must have" set that can allow you build your pizza franchise in your town. posades, on May 15 2009, 10:45 AM, said: Definitely one of my favorite sets from my childhood; I still remember my sister getting it for me for my birthday and me building it that same day. Too bad I had it displayed all these years on my windowsill so the pizza delivery van and pizzeria have become yellowed. Is it possible to restore it by getting those bricks or parts again? Yellowed bricks is really very saddening. It reminds me of my Breezeway Cafe. Those were the days where we are too young to know how to take good care of our toys. Alywin, on May 15 2009, 10:59 PM, said: I also always think the girl minifig is supposed to be a customer... LEGO is really up to everyone\'s own imagination... You are right! The girl could have been a customer. I thought of her as a staff. Misrepresentation could be so easy, but then again, the box nevr stated its role too.'], [1, 'Nice review. I have this set, and I like it alot. Its a master peice!'], [1, 'INDEXED Allright, hi everybody again! Today, i\'m gonna review the biggest set of the RES-Q Subtheme, 6479 Emergency Response Center. With this one i think, the reviews of all the RES-Q sets are complete now, and while i\'m in a reviewing mode right now i thought i\'d bring that up. This set hast got many nice aspects and also some very rare pieces, and comes with a wonderful amount of vehicles, including a speedboat, a tow truck, a helicopter, and a trike which can pull a little boat. So sit down, get your popcorn and beer, we\'re off to stormy weather at the coast! Sub-Theme: RES-Q Set Nr.: 6479 Name: Emergency Response Center Number of minifigs: 5 Number of pieces: 420 Release Year: 1998 Unfortunately i don\'t have many of the boxes of my res-q sets anymore, so i\'ll start right off with the instructions this time: On the backside there is no alternate model as usual this time, but only a different shot of the whole set: Next, a general overview, sorry about the slightly bad picture quality on some pics this time: Originally this set has 5 minfigs (which all are really nice!), but the guy who drives the tow truck has been lost in the flood Here\'s a picture of the missing fig: Let\'s move on to the vehicles, we have something for the water, the ground and the air in this set, first the great tow truck: I love the mechanism with the hooks in the back: Next on, da Speedboat! At the rear, it\'s got a stretcher and a wench, which adds a lot of playability: If there\'s a a little accident near the coast, the trike comes to appearance: For more complicated stuff, we have a little helicopter (i broke the rotating piece at the top yesterday, ouch! : ) No space for a victim you say? Well, not really, but the helicopter also got a wench with a hook in the back: Now it comes to the station itself, at the docks a neat life belt sign is mounted (remember, at this time there weren\'t real ones as today): A little more right an equipment holder is placed, with various tools on the front... ...and fire fighter equip at the back: At the very front a little lighttower secures the shelter: I haven\'t quite found out what this thing is supposed to be, maybe somebody knows Another equipment holder, this time with all the stuff you need for diving: More equipment... ...and even MORE! We come to the hear piece of the station, the control room with lots of buttons and scrrens: Last but not least, a quick shot of all the accesoires and tools that you get, which really is an A-MA-ZING amount! This set might have a few junioriced pieces, as the big window in the front or the "briedge" on the roof, but that doesn\'t matter, because there is nearly one other set in which you get so much rare pieces and such an overwhelming amount of accesoires, so i can recommend that for everybody who is a pieces-fanatic. Not to forget the playability, the great figs and the, in my opinion very good color scheme. Once again thanks for taking the time reading and looking at my review, i hope you liked it. Edited by TheBrickster, 31 December 2009 - 09:19 PM.'], [1, "I own this set and it's one of my favourites, simply because of the cool colour scheme which you mention, plus all the vehicles and accessories. The Res-Q theme is one of my faves of all time actually, I own nearly all of them (missing a small set that was only available in the US or Japan, I think). Dr. S."], [0, "Do you mean this one http://www.brickset....aspx?Set=2962-1 ? I would also like to get that, alone for the fact that it's the only Res-Q set with a female fig"], [1, "I have this set and it's pretty nice. I love the Res-Q theme in general. I think that tow truck is easily the highlight of this set and is probably the best such vehicle I've seen in any City set. The other vehicles are also great. The base itself is lacking though, as it basically consists of one room that doesn't even have side walls. It does include a cool 3x6 computer sticker and a vast array of minifig tools and equipment though. I have some plans to modify the building and make it larger but have never gotten around to doing it."], [0, 'I just built this set in MLCad as a requestfor a fellow Eurobricks member. Somehow I missed out on this set completely when it came out. I was really suprised how long it took to build (virtually). Despite its size this set is packed with details, minifigs, vehicles and tools. Thanks for all the pictures! GIF XML: 6479 Emergency Response Center Edited by missouri_bb63, 31 December 2009 - 09:32 AM.'], [1, "There are very few late 90's or early 00's sets worth ever having and I wish I had this one. With it's futuristic look and yes, that tow truck too, oh yeah heaps of equipment ! It's not over Junorised, there is still plenty of building in it. Thanks and have A HAPPY NEW YEAR, 'Metalandi' !"], [1, "Hi everyone, this is my first review on LEGO sets here. Hope you guys like it. And I would like to apologise for the bad quality pictures. Hope you guys don't mind. First I will start with the box art. Box art: I guess this is the first time that LEGO Star Wars sets use white and blue colour for their box. I like the new colour scheme, a nice blend though. Here's the front: The back: Not to waste space on the box LEGO do some advertisement to attract us to buy more sets. :grin:the more The side: At the top side there is this minifigs scale picture. It is great as we get to know the real size of a minifigs. Contents: The contents consist of a sticker sheet, instruction book, and 8 packet of bricks. The packer are not numbered. But it is ok as there is not much pieces. Instruction book and random page: As usual the instruction book have brick checklist, other sets pictures, and tutorial on how you should assemble your set (I mean the very first page). Sticker sheet: There is not much sticker sheet and is a great news that the Republic logo on the round plate is printed unlike Republic Gunship. Anyway, I didn't apply the stickers. The Commander Gear: This is a new thing to minifigs as well. Well is like Batman accessories, they pack it in one small packet. However, you only get one commander gear pack in this set. Anyway, i didn't use them. The minifigs: Well, we get the the new minifigs. The ugly face clone, new printed torso and new mold of helmet. However i not really like the new head stud, i prefer a black one or at least the one like Jango Fett, black colour with face. The helmet: Everything is printed, no holes at the visor there, but there are hole on the both side. This new helmet mold also made the headgear turn 360 degree freely. Without helmet: With helmet: You can see the flesh tone at the hole beside. The blasters: @ short blasters were given instead of long one. Is great, at least they give us two blasters instead of one. The tank: Here is the pics of the tank. It was not badly design nor nicely design. But it looks great if you didn't saw the beneath or under the tank. View from front: View from side: View from back: What's beneath? Under it was 4 wheels, to make it move fluently. It is made by the thread supporter like the one we fet from TIE Crawler or Bat-Tank The functions: Well firstly, you can open up the hood (I guess) to see the engine. Secondly the side cannon that can move upwards. The thing is quite tight (see random instruction page) and there is barrier to block the cannon from going downwards. The cockpit: Well the cockpit is small and the space is limited. The monitor stuff is printed brick and is another great news. You have to remove the piece (pic below) to reveal the cockpit and put your clone to pilot it. Pop-up gunner mechanism: Well the backdoor have a thing to attack to the seat of the gunner. The top hatch is very loose. So it there is a clone as a gunner and you open the back door, the clone will pop-up and automatically open the hatch on top. This is how the top looks like without a clone. There is this movable cannon (upwards, left and right) and a little keyboard thing with it. But the cannon fall off quite easily. The flick launching missile mechanism: The mechanism is on both side and you need to turn the thing inwards to reveal the flick fire mechanism. Below are the pic of how it is turned. You can keep you blaster at the front of the side. There are place for you to store them. It close nicely. Completion: This is how it looks like. Extra parts: There quite a number of them. Overall: This set is not bad. The price is quite expensive but you will like it. The pop-up mechanism is something new (to me) but this set have more function and 2 Clone Trooper with a pack of Commander gear. Pros: -2x Clone Troopers -high playability -nice design Cons: -a little expensive -sticker sheet -cannon on top falls off quite easy Edited by KimT, 27 August 2008 - 12:16 PM."], [0, "Thanks for that very elaborate review Nice to have several pics from different angels. Amazingly well done if this is your first I've added a poll and will index this review within this week (along with all the other topics I am to index )"], [0, "Yes, the review is great indeed, I love in-depth reviews with tons of photos! As for the set - I'm not planning to buy it, but it looks OK. I think it's a good tank."], [0, "Wow, this is one great review! Fantastic pictures, this looks like one cool set with heaps of neat functions. A shame it doesn't include exclusive figures (like Ahsoka and Captain Rex in the AT-TE or Plo Koon and Asajj Ventress in the Gunship), but you can't have everything. So again, thanks for this sweet review! ~Peace"], [0, "Thanks for this great review, baby I like the clarity of your photos, and the description is well written. I'll try and see if I can gather the money for this one (fingers crossed) LuxorV"], [1, '"bad quality pictures"? What\'s wrong with them? This is a great review and thanks! I was planning on buying this set and no others but the price stunned me. Thus I bought the AT-TE and the RGS.... The set is better than I thought though; I might do as Mutley did and make my own!'], [0, "Thank you KimT for adding the poll. Hehe. This is my first review so, I'm not so confident about the pictures. Thank you guys for viewing and commenting."], [0, 'Nice Review i hope i can get this set [As well as Agents, City & Other SW stuff...] And nice pics, i didnt think they were bad, i thought they were pretty good'], [1, "Splendid photos and well written review! I love it. I've owned and built mine and must say it's a good set and the tank don't disappointment in terms of design and playability. I got mine stickered, well been a perfectionist I am :p Thanks again for the review that it should deserved :D"], [1, 'Baby, I will like to take a moment to said "Outstanding piece of review for your first attempt!" You have done well with the pictures and its flow. I have to admit that I love this Fighter Tank very much. The downside of it which is overpriced, and two Clone troopers do not really justify the purchase. Well, if I have the spare cash, I will defintely get one of this. Keep it up.'], [1, 'Thanks for the really cool review baby . I think this is an awesome first attemp for your first review: It flows well, really good pics and many pics . In the set, I think this is a good purchase I will buy it when it comes out in the US and I think it is cool looking and the fuctions look neat . Edited by darkrebellion, 26 August 2008 - 11:12 PM.'], [1, "Wow, this ship is really big, judging from the size of its hull!!! Wondering where can I keep it when i've bought it. ;)"], [0, "MattZitron, on Aug 13 2005, 11:30 PM, said: The strange thing is, for the first time I can remember the Minifigs came decapitated, and there's no neckwear. I recall Jake saying something about it being new LEGO policy to supply the minifig heads and torsos separately. What with the expenses-trimming and all, it's apparently one of the many little quirky things they've discovered in the manufacturing and packaging process that people have done for years without thinking (in this case, putting the heads on the torsos) but that turns out to be a surprisingly significant expense (timewise, I suppose). Think it was in one of his blog posts, but not sure. Too tired (ie, lazy) to go hunting for it now, sorry >-|"], [-1, "But does this mean that they add to the piece count? Is it a super secret clever way to make the piece count seem bigger than it is? HMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM |:| Addition I've built it, review up later tonite but here's this to wet your appetite."], [-1, "It's a shame it only comes with two figs. It would be great for my ancient Middle-East project."], [1, 'Thanks for the pics so far. Will you have high-res pics of the other sets in the instructions?'], [-1, "MattZitron, you have done well to display images of the Dung Stain hull... Its a darn shame that it can't be extended. However, I see no reason why LEGO couldn't produce a special middle hull piece that is compatible. Although the way they've made the hull is a bit stupid. The old system was a lot more flexible. Better still why can't LEGO design a hull that can be extended in length and width... Then they could be as made as long or wide as desired and that would be great!"], [-1, "They have made a special middle piece in this 4+ set: http://www.brickset....aspx?Set=7075-1 The only problem is that it's red."], [1, "Good work Samsta! No wonder I wasn't aware. 4+ Pirates and all..."], [1, "yoda601, on Aug 17 2005, 02:53 PM, said: It's a shame it only comes with two figs. It would be great for my ancient Middle-East project. If you ever get a moment, I'd love some pics of that. I've been tooling around with something along those lines in my ever expanding fantasy setting. Akkh"], [0, "sam89, on Aug 17 2005, 03:08 PM, said: Thanks for the pics so far. Will you have high-res pics of the other sets in the instructions? There's just the back page ad, but I'll scan it."], [1, "I'm interested in the scan of the back... I have an idea for a new avatar. :)"], [1, "WooHoo!!! Thanks for these pics. I'm probably more excited about the dark red 1x4 arch than anything else. I have a large project that I'm doing in dark red, but there has only been the 1x6 arch made in that color....until now! Now to figure out how to score about a hundred of them :/ -Jeramy"], [1, "Right so here's my review (FINALLY). The whole Gallery of box, parts, minifigs and finished model is here, over 2 pages. So on with the Show. Minifigs http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1340864 In the set you get Krakaroff (I dunno how to spell it) and Victor Krum. The figs are exactly the same, bar their heads. These are two fantastic figures, the expression on Krakaroff's face is priceless. Judging by the design I think we might get a Yellow Krakaroff cropping up somewhere, which would make me a happy bunny (he'd make a fantastic Viking) Ideally I'd have liked more than 2 figures for my money, three would have done it, I think 2 is too few. Piece Count http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344573 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344571 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344572 For a ?40 set, the piece count is quiet good, I don't know the exact number but when building it, I didn't feel short changed, bar the exception of the hull. Now I don't HATE the hull, my problem is that is doesn't connect with bricks like the old Pirate ships. There are pros and cons to this, on the plus side its more secure, and your whole ship doesn't need to be taken up with support structure. The negative side being, you can't really make it bigger (as they've only released a megablocking 4+ set with the right piece, and its the wrong color). I also like how its wide, meaning you can fit LOADS of minifigs on the main deck. Overall though I liked the pieces. Of note are gold studs (http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344510) (5 in total, you get one spare), the return of the black falcon shields (http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1340835) and the new Drumstrang Shields. The Construction A simple fun build. Nothing too fiddly. The Finished Model http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344474 (Big Picture) I really like this set. There's no bones about it. It seems Lego with the latter half of 2005 have given people who loved their original pirate ships hope for the future with this and the fantastic Viking Longboat. Even with the two 4+ pieces (the hull, and front of the ship) I wasn't put off. http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1340841 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344461 The front of the ship is a nice piece, and can be used for stuff like castles. http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344490 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344491 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344492 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344494 And the hull isn't all bad. What I REALLY liked was the little cargo hold, at the moment I have a treasure chest in there, but there' space for about eight of them I reckon. Playability wise it does make alot of sense, and as you can see you can imprision minifigs below deck. http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344484 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344488 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344506 http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344500 The quarters are great as well. You can comfortably fit about six minifigs in the main gally, three by the steering wheel, and a couple up above the top cabin. You could fit more, but it'd look strange. My only gripe is the design of the top cabin. When you want to open it up, you have to remove the mast. I know its simple enough, but I think that it wouldn't have taken much for TLC to design it better. But saying that its easily done, and I like how the cabin can be lifted with ease from the steering deck. http://www.brickshel...y.cgi?i=1344540 The final play feature is the plank. You can while away the hours murdering hapless minifigs who've displeased the cabin. A really nice addition for pirate fans. The Final Verdict[/b Playability: 9.5/10 - Lots to do for all the kids. Piece Count: 9/10- A great selection, loses one for the hull. Figures: 8/10 - Just needs one more! Construction: 9/10 - Nice and simple. Value: 8.5/10 - Let down a bit by lack of minifigs, and the cons of the hull. [b]Overall: 8.8/10 Overall this is a set worth getting, especially if you miss proper pirates. It wouldn't take much to turn this into an AMAZING pirate ship MOC. Hope you liked my review. Matt"], [1, "[burns]Excellent...[/burns] I love those parts shots, great stuff in there! This really is a good sign for the new line, hopefully there'll be the same level of usefulness in the others. Thanks for taking the time to finish it up! Did you scan the back of the instructions?"], [1, "I received this set with a $25 gift card, so It was a great buy. It follow with a similar build to the 2007 trucks, but has a few improvements. Of course, the name of the set could have been a bit more creative... And yes, this was an academy review. Set name: Truck and Forklift Number: 7733 Pieces: 343 Theme: City Year Released: 2008 Price: $25.00 USD, ?19.99 GBP, 24.00 Euro 1/Box Now the box follows a design similar to most other City sets. It has the set information and photo of the set on the front, (sorry for it getting cut off, I will remake it). Now the back of the box shows what each bag builds. Bag 1 is for the forklift, bag 2 is for the cab, and bags 3 and 4 are for the containers. It also has the set's features. 2/Contents The instructions: There are 2 books included with the set: One for the forklift, and one for the truck. Minifigure(1) The first minifig you build is a simple cargo worker. Interesting/new parts: Here we have some interesting and new parts. They include a yellow seat, a 1x2 plate with clips, and a 1x4 slope. 3/The build Cargo1 The first cargo palette has a few crates on it. I really like the sticker on the small box. Forklift: The forklift is a very fun extra to build, and it is probably the best forklift that we have had so far. It is very realistic and is very strong. Cargo2 The next piece of cargo is some Octan barrels on a meter. I am not sure what It is supposed to be, but it is still a nice addition to the set. Minifgure(2) The second minifigure is a classic driver with sunglasses and a coffee mug. Very nice. New piece! This is a very nice new piece that is included in the set, a hollow canopy. I believe it is also in White with the police mobile command station. Truck: Now anyone who has had one of the Lego City Harbor sets from last year, then you will probably find this build to be very similar. Mostly in the cab part of the truck. The trucks build is very solid, and very realistic. I sense ths will bring the ratings up quite a bit. Mystery Cargo: For some time specualtion has been going around, what exactly is this? It seems like nuero poison.. I am very happy with those 2x2 cylinders in trans-yellow. In fact, you can join in and guess what it may be in this topic. Containers: The first container is built to hold one palette. It fits onto the truck. It produces a very pleasing result, and has a better look to it than the Containers from last year had. The second container has the ability to hold two palettes, and has a design similar to the first. Then, you build on the wheels. The back ones have beautiful mudflaps! Finshed set: ---------------------------------- Parts: 10/10 (lots of useful pieces, great colors, and some very cool new pieces.) Minifigs: 8/10 (I would have liked another but it was $25, so I guess its okay.) Price per part: 10/10 (almost 350 pieces for $25. ) Playability: 8/10 (Forklifts are always fun, and there are lots of things to do with this set.) Overall: 36/40 90% A- This is truley an outstanding set, and It will make a great addition to anyones collection. Mocers would aslo like this, due to the fact that it has some really nice parts. It has a great build, and utilizes some awesome new techniques. It also has details, something you might look for in a set. Highly Recommended. Hope everyone enjoyed the review! If you have any pic requests, questions, etc., please ask! I look forward to hearing your comments, and the judges comments as well. 7733 Peeron.com 7733 Bricklink Catalog 7733 Shop At Home"], [1, "Very nice review of a set that I've been dying to get, but my friendly neighborhood Lego store never seems to have in stock. The yellow seat is most definitely not a new piece. I had two of those in my old Beta-1 Command Base, almost 30 years ago!!"], [1, "Joebot, on Aug 27 2008, 03:15 PM, said: Very nice review of a set that I've been dying to get, but my friendly neighborhood Lego store never seems to have in stock. The yellow seat is most definitely not a new piece. I had two of those in my old Beta-1 Command Base, almost 30 years ago!! It is interesting however."], [1, 'Thanksfor this review, i also got this set recently, and i\'m very happy about it. I live the design of these new trucks, and the forklift is also great. Not to forget the good amount of cargo. Btw., i think the "mysterious cargo" only are normal fuel barrels'], [1, 'metalandi, on Aug 27 2008, 03:26 PM, said: Thanksfor this review, i also got this set recently, and i\'m very happy about it. I live the design of these new trucks, and the forklift is also great. Not to forget the good amount of cargo. Btw., i think the "mysterious cargo" only are normal fuel barrels Thanks! Normail fuel would be in those Octan barrels...'], [1, 'A very fine set indeed and something at least a little different to the more usual City sets. Sweet! And it could even be a little sweeter to me with car doors... well, nevermind. Thanks for that very nice review, ~VBBN~!'], [0, "Great review! I dig this set. It could have only been better if it had been a 6-wide version of the old 6367 Semi-truck. Still I ask: what's so special about the special edition?"], [0, "The Cobra, on Aug 27 2008, 09:58 PM, said: Still I ask: what's so special about the special edition? Hmm...good question. Let's hope our Reviewer can help us out here."], [0, 'KimT, on Aug 27 2008, 05:00 PM, said: Hmm...good question. Let\'s hope our Reviewer can help us out here. And I can. The set is exclusive to Lego brand retail stores, Lego S@H, and Toys "R" Us only.'], [0, 'That explains why it isn\'t in our local stores. I also got it from S@H, but my box hasn\'t got the "special edition printing" on it, surprisingly.'], [1, 'Nice review, VBBN! I stumbled upon your yellow seat as well. Didn´t you have one already or what made you think it´s new? The big letdown on this set is the big canopy. I would have preferred single bricks for that. And for this truck there is no real need for a hollow canopy - it could as well have been made of solid bricks. Maybe we get another set with different use of the canopy. This is one of the reasons I didn´t buy it so far. And I´m especially NOT interested in another forklift, I have plenty of those... I agree it´s the best one we have seen so far though.'], [1, 'metalandi, on Aug 27 2008, 07:50 PM, said: That explains why it isn\'t in our local stores. I also got it from S@H, but my box hasn\'t got the "special edition printing" on it, surprisingly. Just like dwarve\'s mine is exclusive to target. Holodoc, on Aug 28 2008, 04:16 AM, said: Nice review, VBBN! I stumbled upon your yellow seat as well. Didn´t you have one already or what made you think it´s new? The big letdown on this set is the big canopy. I would have preferred single bricks for that. And for this truck there is no real need for a hollow canopy - it could as well have been made of solid bricks. Maybe we get another set with different use of the canopy. This is one of the reasons I didn´t buy it so far. And I´m especially NOT interested in another forklift, I have plenty of those... I agree it´s the best one we have seen so far though. Thanks! I have a yellow seat, but I just thought it was interesting. As for the canopy, it really looks good on the finished truck; I like it. And that forklift could be the official one, and the rest could become parts...'], [1, "Today I shall be reviewing 8290 Mini Forklift, which I recieved when I went to TRU to get a technic set. So Enjoy! Set Name: Mini Forklift Number: 8290 Theme: Technic Parts: 89 Price: $10.99 1/Box The box for this set is suprisingly small. It's about the size of a $3.99 set. It shows the Main Forklift, and the set information. The back of the box features the Dragster. A very cool model, and the suspension works perfectly. 2/Contents We have two instruction booklets; One for the Forklift and one for the Dragster. The bags: Here are a few interesting pieces: The long double pin in blue, a bionicle connecter joint, and a yellow L joint. 3/Build We start off build nice and solid, with your average technic build: The following steps build up the detail of the bottom part. Next comes the cab. It's pretty simple yet effective. After that comes the Forks. They work very well, but If you have the palatte on them, and you let go, it might topple off. Hint: Put the edge of the palatte on the small lip on the pieces that connect to the forks. This will hold it on better. The finished Product and palatte: Extra Pieces(keep them, as they are used to build the alternate model): Here is something that I found- how to put a minifigure into the cab. First, remove the side doors. Then, set the fig into the cab, with his arm sticking slightly out the gap. And finaly, seal off the cab. A nice way to put system into technic for your towns. ---------------------------- Parts: 9/10(Loving them all.) Price per part ratio: 8/10(Somewhat Pleaseing) Playability: 9/10: Works in any system town, and has a great dragster alternate model. Overall: 26/30 86% B+ Overall I would definatly recommend this set to anyone, whether you are a system or technic fan, this is perfect. It has great parts, and is pretty cheap. The alternate model is also very good. I hope you all enjoyed my Review! I have made the pictures the requested size on my camera. I look forward to hearing your comments. Edited by ~VBBN~, 27 August 2008 - 07:02 PM."], [1, "Nice work VBBN I'm not really into technic myself, but you've definately done a fine review on this set Funny that it actually fits a minifig. Perhaps we'll see fans design forklifts with technic and having it minifig sized"], [1, 'That´s really a sweet and charming little Technic set, thanks for that fine review!'], [0, 'Nice review. The figure fitting inside is great. I think the price might be a little high but you did get it from TRU so what else is to be expected.'], [0, 'What that? Looks like a walker! An Imperial Walker? No?€?.. Theme: Space, Blacktron I Set Name: Alienator Set Number: 6876 Number of Pieces: 82 Figures:1 Released: 1988 List Price: £?.99 (It seem no source online has the price) Peeron.com Bricklink.com As always lets have a look at the box first as I?€™m luck to own a boxed version of this set. Walking across a planet with a grid pattern sky! The back shows a great selection of alternative models. After opening the box we find a single instruction booklet Inside the instruction booklet Now we come to the man in the black visor the Mark I Blacktron and black and industrial he look. In my opinion I think he probably has the second best Lego Space torso. Before the focus group decided they needed to be brighter Now turning to the walker itself, it?€™s a simple build which I don?€™t think even I with my great skills for messing up could get wrong. The final unit is built in three key parts. The command pod which is attached to the body by two pins at the back. The walker legs, this is pure design genius. Simply built easy to replicate and no fancy parts. The top section which open to reveal the Blacktrons high-tech tools. Time to put the entire set together, I think you?€™ll agree it looks great for such a simple build. Looking like you could take on the universe. A side view of the finished product. A frontal view of the Alienator What the hell! How did that take down an AT-AT. This is one of my all time favourite Lego Space sets. Actually I didn?€™t have it pre-dark age and only recently bought one. What attracted me to it was an old boxed set, but since then I?€™ve discovered a set that I wished I?€™d owned long ago. The Rating System Figures: 8/10 (I love the dark industrial space look) Parts 7/10 (Yes it may be nearly all black with some yellow highlights, but is have a good range and they fit to make several great models.) Fun Fun Fun 8/10 (It walks well and it?€™s a great set, it has a large number of possible mods.) Design 10/10 (It?€™s ingenious the walking mechanism is so simple and yet so good I can?€™t fault it Price ?/10 (While I could tell you how much I paid I was luck on ebay so this remains a question mark) Grand Total 33/40 (Reduced top level due to lack of price knowledge) Conclusion. A set which in my opinion showcases what Lego was about in the 1980?€™s. The set has an excellent design ethic and looks great, with very limited parts it retains great action and functionality. Twinned with the great main model you?€™re shown that there are a number of other great models you can make with the same parts. This set is what it?€™s all about for me, I?€™m very glad I bought outside my normal theme when I saw this. Actually on the strength of this set I recently order 6894 Blacktron Invader and can?€™t wait to get it and see if it lives up to the Alienator.'], [1, "As I've told you before, this is a great set and now it has a great review. Thanks for this"], [1, 'A very original and perhaps even a little weird design indeed, but nice and creative for sure! Thanks for that good review!'], [1, 'I loved all of these "walker" sets. It was such a smart technique. I made one myself with what I had ...ahhh good times! Thanks for the great review.'], [0, 'The Y-wing is the work horse of the Rebel Alliance. It’s well armed and heavily armoured, but you’ll need it because you’ll be moving like a sleepy hut! – General Rieekan Set Name: Y-wing Starfighter Set Number: 7658 Number of Pieces: 454 Figures:2 Released: 2007 List Price: £39.99 Lets us begin with the box. The front shows it in all it’s swooshing glory. http://tdy.org.uk/images/7658-02.jpg The back shows some of the many features of the set and also others you might like to buy in the Star Wars range. After opening the box we find a single instruction booklet Now we come to an important aspect of any Star Wars set the figure, here we’re provided with an anomalous rebel pilot and his faithful R5 droid. The pilot comes with the fairly standard Lego Star Wars non-hero helmet printing. What’s he going to do with the blaster taken on the entire Empire? One of the more interesting parts is the assembly of the engine, which if like me you don’t pay enough attention to the instructions when building you can end up getting wrong. The key detail I got wrong. Just before fitting the last engine. If we look carefully on the side we can see a missile launcher. I didn’t think torpedoes or concussion missiles were fired from there but I may be wrong. After fitting the engine the models looks like this. In all it’s glory. Manning one of the Alliance’s fighters. Not so ready to take on the empire was he? So overall we have a well designed model, which is in my opinion far superior to the original we were offered with Darth Vader way back when Lego Star Wars was new. This Y-wing is sleek and looks great in my opinion, the firing missiles are also a great touch. The Rating System Figures: 5/10 (for the same price the last X-wing had far more figures) Parts 6/10 Swooshability 9.5/10 Design 9/10 Price 3/10 Grand Total 32.5/50 Not to shabby. Conclusion. So finally the answers to the questions you’ve no doubt want to know is the set worth the price. I’ll be frank £39.99 is too much for this set. Despite this I currently have a squadron of three Y-wings, the reasons is this set has been on sale a number of times at £30 it’s certainly worth the money. Lego recently placed them online with a price of £20, this I think was a great price for the set and well work picking one or more up if you wanted to start your own rebellion.'], [1, "Thanks for the review. I'll add it to the index. The Y-wing is one of my favourite Rebel fighters and this set justifies the coolest fighter"], [1, 'A wonderful set and a really charming design, well detailed and pretty smooth at the same time. Perhaps that small gap at the cockpit´s an a little weak point, but we can always MOD a little. Thanks for that very neat review, Cardinal Brick!'], [1, 'Great review! The Y-wing is an awesome starfighter and the detail in this set is superb. Funnily enough I was just swooshing mine today! Edited by pedro, 27 August 2008 - 08:25 PM.'], [1, 'pedro, on Aug 27 2008, 09:23 PM, said: Great review! The Y-wing is an awesome starfighter and the detail in this set is superb. Funnily enough I was just swooshing mine today! You mean swooshing as in swooshing for real or just plain swooshing?'], [0, "KimT, on Aug 27 2008, 10:41 PM, said: You mean swooshing as in swooshing for real or just plain swooshing? He doesn't know the story. But those pics of you swooshing it naked sure are halarious... The one in the park is extra good... You should see people's faces I mean, they are jelaous, of your Y-wing! (yoda has my email :P hehe) Staudie."], [-1, "Stauder, on Aug 27 2008, 08:45 PM, said: He doesn't know the story. But those pics of you swooshing it naked sure are halarious... The one in the park is extra good... You should see people's faces I mean, they are jelaous, of your Y-wing! (yoda has my email :P hehe) Staudie. Haha I was making a joke and here comes Stauder with his clearly insane lies. For the truth go here. Now can we get back on topic or a you just dying to become Sarlac food?"], [0, 'KimT, on Aug 27 2008, 10:49 PM, said: Haha I was making a joke and here comes Stauder with his clearly insane lies. For the truth go here. Now can we get back on topic or a you just dying to become Sarlac food? Oh hush, not like many people know the story. The true story can indeed be found in the interview, so I shall leave you be, for now... EDIT - Also, you should note that you said you would swoosh the UCS Y-wing... Staudie. Ps - Sarlacc Edited by Stauder, 27 August 2008 - 08:55 PM.'], [0, "Stauder, on Aug 27 2008, 09:45 PM, said: He doesn't know the story. But those pics of you swooshing it naked sure are halarious... The one in the park is extra good... You should see people's faces I mean, they are jelaous, of your Y-wing! (yoda has my email :P hehe) Actually I had read of the naked swooshing before, but alas, my Y-wing swooshing was in my workplace where it's generally accepted that you keep your clothes very much on. It's a completely different story when I'm at home though..."], [0, "I've built the Y-Wing and the Imperial Landing Craft (7659) more or less at the same time and, for about the same prices, I think the Imperial Landing Craft (ILC) is much superior to the Y-Wing. The Y-Wing doesn’t have much functionality besides an awkward dropping bomb device and a moving cannon. The missiles firing system is … your fingers. The ILC has an awesome missiles firing system (I wish I could get it individually for MOCs), a clever bomb dropping mechanism, 5 minifigures with weapons, the wings fold up together and the “cargo” can be detached as a play set. I’ve built the ILC first so I got quite disappointed with the Y-Wing."], [1, 'csiquet, on Aug 28 2008, 05:27 PM, said: I\'ve built the Y-Wing and the Imperial Landing Craft (7659) more or less at the same time and, for about the same prices, I think the Imperial Landing Craft (ILC) is much superior to the Y-Wing. The Y-Wing doesn’t have much functionality besides an awkward dropping bomb device and a moving cannon. The missiles firing system is … your fingers. The ILC has an awesome missiles firing system (I wish I could get it individually for MOCs), a clever bomb dropping mechanism, 5 minifigures with weapons, the wings fold up together and the “cargo” can be detached as a play set. I’ve built the ILC first so I got quite disappointed with the Y-Wing. You\'ve got to be kidding? The ILC is bulky and doesn\'t even come close to the design superiority of the Y-Wing. It\'s smooth, it\'s beautiful and it\'s awesomely designed by the designers at LEGO. "It\'s got greebles, man!"'], [0, 'KimT, on Aug 28 2008, 09:08 PM, said: You\'ve got to be kidding? The ILC is bulky and doesn\'t even come close to the design superiority of the Y-Wing. It\'s smooth, it\'s beautiful and it\'s awesomely designed by the designers at LEGO. "It\'s got greebles, man!" I was not talking about the looks, of course the rebels have got to have nicer looking ships'], [1, "I like the model, it is one of the best rebel sets out there. But I don't like it that there is no landing gear. When you set this one on the floor/ your rebel base it looks like it crashed or something and looses its look of superiority actually quite fast. It needs to be at least 2 studs high, if not more, from the ground. TLC is in these days afraid of flimsy landing gear, as they gave to us in the early SW time. Now they want something sturdy for playability. But I think there should have been some details on the bottom, especially a landing gear that unfolds. I also don't like the mistake of TLC (that they changed this year with the release of Indy hopefully) to give the pilot a usual smile face. The old yellow version of Gold Leader even had a headgear. I hope TLC realised this year that we want more detailed faces. Well, the licenced sets we got proved that, but who knows. The upsides of this set are the amount of pieces and detail, especially the engines were fun to build and perhaps the most interesting construction I have seen in years. Also it is big, bulky and looks sleek at the same time, just wonderful. And next to the 4502 X-Wing it looks in the perfect size! I gave this the highest rating, even if the underside disappoints. But whatever, it is lego, you can add some landing gear on your own! Thanks for the review, your pics were really really good, next time make more of them please!"], [0, "csiquet, on Aug 29 2008, 02:06 AM, said: I was not talking about the looks, of course the rebels have got to have nicer looking ships Don't aregue with him when it comes to Y-wings. He offerd to swoosh one in the nude... Stauder."], [1, "Stauder, on Aug 29 2008, 12:37 PM, said: Don't aregue with him when it comes to Y-wings. He offerd to swoosh one in the nude... Stauder. Indeed..."], [1, 'The Y-Wing is a truly beautifull ship, and Lego has done a great job on this one, lacking landing gear is a minus point though. And nice review by the way!'], [0, 'Is it worth the money since the new Y-wing comes out next year?'], [0, "yodalikespie, on 03 September 2011 - 07:21 PM, said: Is it worth the money since the new Y-wing comes out next year? Please, check the date prior to asking questions in old topics. Three years ago in this case. It's rude to expect people to answer questions like that, especially since it's such a generic question. Besides, how is he supposed to answer the question without knowing a lot more about the new Y-Wing..."], [-1, "Siegfried, on 04 September 2011 - 09:27 AM, said: Please, check the date prior to asking questions in old topics. Three years ago in this case. It's rude to expect people to answer questions like that, especially since it's such a generic question. Besides, how is he supposed to answer the question without knowing a lot more about the new Y-Wing... sorry!"], [0, "I think it is a fair to ask questions here with the expectation of a new Y-wing in the coming year. I came here to look at the review even though it is a few years old. No images to go with the review. Bummer. I'd like to see a more friendly tolerance on dated threads being bumped."], [-1, "ETAV8R, on 19 September 2011 - 01:55 AM, said: I think it is a fair to ask questions here with the expectation of a new Y-wing in the coming year. I came here to look at the review even though it is a few years old. No images to go with the review. Bummer. I'd like to see a more friendly tolerance on dated threads being bumped. Again, we know next to nothing about the new Y-wing. It wouldn't be possible to say whether 7658 is worth the money relative to the new one until we know what the new one looks like, what its minifigures look like, how much it will cost, etc. Also, note that yodalikespie has been banned."], [-1, "fallenangel309, on 19 September 2011 - 02:01 AM, said: Again, we know next to nothing about the new Y-wing. It wouldn't be possible to say whether 7658 is worth the money relative to the new one until we know what the new one looks like, what its minifigures look like, how much it will cost, etc. Also, note that yodalikespie has been banned. Is that a threat? Is it fair to ban someone on the forum because they revived an old thread and made inquiries? Thought this was a forum to discuss Lego and that is what he was prompting. I don't really care why he was banned but this isn't the only time I've seen this type of behavior and discourse here on EB."], [-1, "ETAV8R, on 19 September 2011 - 03:16 AM, said: Is that a threat? Is it fair to ban someone on the forum because they revived an old thread and made inquiries? Thought this was a forum to discuss Lego and that is what he was prompting. I don't really care why he was banned but this isn't the only time I've seen this type of behavior and discourse here on EB. Not a threat at all - I was simply pointing out that yodalikespie made the mistake of inquiring about the new Y-wing before we had any information on it. To my understanding, it's not so much the fact that he bumped the thread as the fact that he bumped it for no good reason. I'm not certain where the Moderators stand on this issue, but I feel that yodalikespie's question would have been better received had he posed it after a substantial amount of information had been gathered on 9495 - as I've said, there simply isn't much one can go off of at this point to determine its value relative to 7658."], [0, "fallenangel309, on 19 September 2011 - 03:43 AM, said: Not a threat at all - I was simply pointing out that yodalikespie made the mistake of inquiring about the new Y-wing before we had any information on it. To my understanding, it's not so much the fact that he bumped the thread as the fact that he bumped it for no good reason. I'm not certain where the Moderators stand on this issue, but I feel that yodalikespie's question would have been better received had he posed it after a substantial amount of information had been gathered on 9495 - as I've said, there simply isn't much one can go off of at this point to determine its value relative to 7658. Roger that. Sad that the original review pics aren't available any longer. Would be nice once the new set is released for comparisons."], [-1, "Maybe the thread should be locked or taken down since the pics consist of broken links. Kind of a pointless review without the pics. And for the record, there are other websites with preliminary images of some the new 2012 sets that are not on the Eurobrick Star Wars 2012 rumors thread. Perhaps that banned fellow was hoping some of the Lego insiders had some knowledge about it. I guess we'll never know now. Edited by sharky, 22 September 2011 - 09:22 PM."], [1, 'And lo! It came from the east (Denmark) the set which had been foretold the cheap army builder and there was much rejoicing amongst the castle fans. The Cardinal then asked was all the rejoicing justified….. Set Name: The Knight Set Number: 5615 Number of Pieces: 21 Figures:1 Released: 2008 List Price: £2.00 Lets us begin with the box. The front shows us are knight and his rack of arms. The back shows us two sets from the Castle range. Moving inside the box now. The contents of the box, it doesn’t look like much. The instructions to help you through the build. Now the reason you probably bought the set, well at least why I did the Knight. This features the new torso for 2008 and is the height of fashion. This brings the number of printed torsos from the Crown Knights to three, which allows for a greater variety in building your armies. A new fashion sensation and all the must have accessories for this season. With a more heavily armoured look he’s ready for anything. The rest of the set is a weapons rack, I assume that once you’ve got a few of these set you’ll probably like me give up building them and part them out. But anyway here are some pictures of what the rest of the elements are spent on. A long and complex build begins. After 360 hour finally it’s finished sadly five minfigs were hurt in the construction of this rack. Now the money shot, where we can see it all come together. It looks great even the rack doesn’t look to bad. Sadly are hero wasn’t ready for other themes just yet. In total we have a good army builder which castle fans have wanted. However there remains a question in my mind as to if this set is good enough on it’s own. Without any other castle sets I can’t see it being to much fun so it’s not a good present. The Rating System Figures: 9/10 (Great new fashion for this season ) Parts 8/10 (Shield, sword, spear, helmet and armour what more could I want? Well two shields.) Fun Fun Fun 3/10 (Sadly it’s rather dull on it’s own I can’t think or to much else to do.) Design 7/10 (Yes it’s the army builder I’ve wanted design, well apart from that Pirate one.) Price 9/10 (At £2.00 what more can I say.) Grand Total 36/50 (Let down by being to small to stand alone..) Conclusion. So let’s answer the question, is it the army all castle fans have wanted? Well yes and no is the answer. While it is a great set and at the now reduced UK price of £2.00 amazing value. I still think it’s inferior compared with the army building capability of Cross Bow attack, I much prefer army building both factions at once.'], [1, "Thanks for sharing this review with us. I'll add it to the index. One of my favourite impulse sets along with the Troll Warrior (or is that Orc warrior)"], [1, 'Nice review and I especially enjoyed the ending. I personally think it is quite a good set for the price considering it comes with a fully armed minifig along with enough stuff to suit up another. I just wish Amazon carried this set.'], [-1, 'Do we really need more construction works? Legoland is just one huge building site. Theme: City Set Name: Mini Digger Set Number: 7246 Number of Pieces: 36 Figures:1 Released: 2005 List Price: $3.50 (USD) 7426 Peeron.com 7246 Bricklink Catalog Diving right in let get some photos of the box The digger at work. The back just has more of the same not to inspiring. Once we open the box we find two poly bags and some instructions The total contents of the box, well minus the air Instruction booklet short and simple. Now the single minfig of the set, nothing new of special that I can see. …got a job working construction for the Johnstown Company. Moving onto the digger itself, it’s one of those builds where all you really need is a quick glance at the instructions and off you go. Side view of the finished product. Alternative view, it doesn’t look to bad. Now lets add our construction worker. Looks rather good, though the lifting action isn’t smooth. It’s nothing special, it’s not the greatest construction set that Lego have ever produced but I think it is worth the money. The arm action really does bug me though. The Rating System Figures: 5/10 (Just another construction peon.) Parts 4/10 (Nothing novel and I dislike the new digger arm system.) Fun Fun Fun 7/10 (I think the playability is high and you can get a good load of bricks in the bucket.) Design 6/10 (Not the best designed digger but not the worst.) Price 7/10 (A reasonable price for what you get) Grand Total 29/50 Still halfway decent but nothing to write home about Conclusion. This set is yet another in a long line of Lego digger and to be honest it’s not the best in my opinion. I still hold nostalgic memories for 6504 which I still think is a great digger. From my point of view the set sits to high off the ground and make me wonder how the worker gets in. I really don’t like the digging arm action it will never be smooth and while it poses better I just think it’s inferior. Despite this I still think it’s not a bad set, I’d just like it to be so much more.'], [1, 'Another fine review! I love the last (action) picture. Thanks for sharing! Btw, I am so looking forward to that 384 London Bus review.'], [1, "Cardinal Brick, on Aug 27 2008, 10:02 PM, said: …got a job working construction for the Johnstown Company. One of the greatest songs ever written. But now onto the review, i really like your pictures the quality and lighting is amazing. I never gave this set much attention, but now it looks pretty good to me, Also can't wait for your next review, i have never seen this bus before!"], [1, 'Finaly we get a new Mech for takeshi. And yes, it\'s yellow. It brings back some flashbacks of Supernova. Good times. Anyways, I recieved this set at christmas last year, with 3 other EF sets. Set name: Assault Tiger Number: 8113 Pieces: 163 Theme: Exo-force Year Released: 2008 Price: 15.00 USD, 18.95 EUR 1/Box The boxes this year are much different than those from previous years. It has some gaps in it, and has a cardboard backround inside of it. The box itself shows Assault tiger and the set information. The back shows a combiner. The cardboard backdrop: A very nice jungle look to it. It has lots of fog as well, creating a pale effect. 2/Contents The instructions: The instructions are clear, and straight-forward. Also included is a lego "blooper." The remains of the sticker sheet: The stickers aren\'t too bad. I didn\'t apply the saw sticker as I wanted it to be left plain. The buzzsaw: A VERY cool piece. Mocists will love this. 3/Build The figures: The figures included are Takeshi, who features a nice new torso. Also included is the mini robot. His is a very neat little guy, but sadly, he doesn\'t really become a weapon. More of a block of red and black bricks. The torso: Now the torso design for Assault tiger is very different from the past years. It now uses a castle-like piece as the main structure. Also of note is that he has a mini throne. No controls, sadly. And with the orange cockpit piece, it\'s impossible to see takeshi when looking at the AT close on. See the third pic. The legs: The legs are slightly similar to the MT-201 Ultra drill walker\'s, but have been modified to fit the AT. They are quite large, and suit their purpose. The arms: The arms follow a new design, but the only problem is, they have no elbow or hand articulation. Nice weapons though. The finished product: ----------------------- Parts: 10/10 (lots of useful pieces, great colors, and some very cool new pieces.) Minifigs: 8/10 (A robot would have been nice, and a better weapon mode for the mini-robot would have been good.) Price per part: 7/10 (A stretch...) Playability: 8/10 (The lack of elbow and wrist articulation isn\'t the greatest. Overall: 33/40 82.5% B- Assault tiger is a nice set, but some of those small little things can truly take a toll on the final rating. I think that I would only recommend this set to anyone who wants the yellow, and hardcore Exo-force fans. S@H link Peeron link I hope you enjoyed the review, and if you have any pic requests or questions, please ask. Edited by Sinner, 01 September 2008 - 01:52 AM.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review, ~VBBN~. I have to say, EF has never really caught my attention, but this set seems alright. To be honest, when I saw the topic title, I was expecting a tiger- looking mech. The mech itself is cool, except for the huge leg pieces. I think the minifigs are great in EF sets, with the dark colored outfits, like dark red or dark green.'], [1, 'Thanks for that good review, ~VBBN~. That´s really a fine and pretty solid looking mecha. I think that the designers did a good job on this last wave of EF sets, and the inclusion of these mini robots was also a pretty smart idea!'], [1, 'Nice to see a well done review. This set is one of the few Exo-Force sets I haven\'t built myself yet, but I will get it on sale, guess soon. I\'m do not like the use of Slizer-style ball-joints in Exo-Force, even though they are modified to 2x2 bricks. In this particular set I think the arms look weak, and they lack elbow joint like the "green 2008 mech" set. (forgot name of this years green mech). Quite a shame, I find it really hurts the functionality of that "green" set and could imagine the same with the "Tiger". I guess with the new pyramide brick as cockpit, the cockpit is still open from the sides and the back. I modified my "green 2008 mech", which use the same cockpit design, with a few green bricks, and it is now completely closed from all sides. I rate the Tiger at average, but I may change my mind when I get to build it myself. Front'], [1, 'This was my first Exo Force set and I was quite skeptical towards the mecha theme, so I got it because it seemed to have nice parts. It turned out however that the mechas are quite nice :) I really like the poseability of it and since then I got another EF set.'], [1, 'Thanks for the review!!! One of the best sets in the entire line.'], [1, 'the assult tiger is pretty cool'], [1, "Since my last post I've had the chance to build the Tiger, and I was surprised in a good way. A much better set than I actually thougth. Front"], [1, 'I just bought 2 of them since they were 5$ each from lego. I really wish they did not cancel this series.'], [-1, 'I voted "average". I think this is the least attractive among the 2008 Exo-Force sets. I saved my money to buy some of the 2006 Mechas.'], [1, 'I think this is almost the best set in the exo force line. I really like the orange cockpit peice'], [1, 'What do you mean the troll’s should outnumber the Crown Knight? How are you going to manage that? Well here’s the answer. Theme: Castle Set Name: Troll Warrior Set Number: 5618 Number of Pieces: 19 Figures:1 Released: 2008 List Price: £2.50 (GBP) $3.50 (USD) 2.99 (EURO) 5618 Peeron.com 5618 Bricklink Catalog 5618 Shop At Home Lets us begin with the box. The troll warrior and his might cart. Set sets for children to pester for at Christmas. Now for what’s inside. The contents of the box, it doesn’t look like much. Now for the troll himself, I’m glad they selected this troll torso rather than the other one for the impulse set I think this one is the superior one. Also he comes well armed with a spear and sword but no shield sadly. Someone really needs to look at the rodent problem in the Castle sets.. Now the cart, nice easy construction as with all impulse sets, I’m still not convinced by the flicking missiles. A line of those would do some damage. What an oncoming army can expect to see.. All together now and it looks rather good. So there we have it a cheap way of bolstering the troll army and outfitting them with some more weapons. Also for anyone planning a Pied Piper MOC another set with a rat in it. The Rating System Figures: 8/10 (|Preferred troll torso and helmet style. ) Parts 7/10 (Two spears and a sword but sadly lacking that all important shield.) Fun Fun Fun 4/10 (Somewhat more to do on it’s own that other impulse at least the troll can fight the rat!) Design 7/10 (Well designed even the flicker missile doesn’t look bad) Price 8/10 (At £2.50 more than the other castle impulse.) Grand Total 34/50 (Lack of a shield and to small to stand alone for my rating system..) Conclusion. Castle fans got a great army builder with The Knight and they’ve been lucky enough to receive another one with this set. I’m glad we’ve got a troll impulse as it allow for enlarging the armies of evil some the Crown Knight don’t totally outnumber all their opponents.'], [1, "Best Impulse set so far. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and yes, someone should look into that rodent issue. I'll add this to the index within long"], [1, "Good review. I got 2 of those. Wheels are very useful, especially if you don't have any :) As for shields - I don't imagine trolls use them too much. I think that they fight berserk style - all out assault. One complaint is the piece that the wheels are attached to - its a single piece, with smaller than the standard pin connection. So you cant change the width of the cart for your MOCs using the wheels. I don't know if a piece with such a connection only on one side exists though ...."], [1, "KimT, on Aug 29 2008, 06:55 AM, said: Best Impulse set so far. Agreed, I love this little sets, I can't wait for it to hit shops here. The rodent problem is funny but I lov always getting more animals, so that is a plus. The cart is a nicely formidable machine that I will keep together so I can maximise their fire power. The troll figure is one of my favourite ever too, I love that torso and helmet, and I want that sword in grey, I only have it in bronze. Thanks for the review! Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Thanks for the interview, i nearly forgot this set is out yet. Maybe i'll grab one off my local store tomorrow."], [0, 'wait a second, a "troll"?? Isn\'t that an orc? I thought that this is a troll:'], [1, 'Wow. I like this set. But have no money to get it. Guess I need to be fast and get it before it was sold out.'], [1, "Nice review, makes me want 3 honestly. And comgratz on becoming a teacher in the Reviewer's Academy."], [0, 'Nikola Bathory, on Aug 28 2008, 11:47 PM, said: wait a second, a "troll"?? Isn\'t that an orc? I thought that this is a troll: Those are Giant Trolls. The regular sized green guys (such as is included with this set) are Trolls. Yes, they look like Orcs but LEGO calls them Trolls.'], [1, "Nice review! I never new trolls had fireworks, at least that's what it looks like to me. Maybe I shall build a trollish fireworks company! Fireworks on!"], [-1, "I'm not really impressed by this set as much as other impulse sets. The Knight impulse set #5615 offers more in my opinion since it gives two helmets, two weapons, a shield and an armor piece along with the weapon rack. I'm not a fan in the slightest of flickfire missles and projectiles like on the cart, and the previously mentioned one piece axle limits the wheel usage in other MOCs. I would've liked to see an added chest armor piece at the very least and a shield would've made this great. Those things are so rare and it would've bumped the piece count up to 21 to match the Knight set. Since both are showing the same price on S@H(in US dollars at least), it would've made sense."], [-1, "Thank you for the nice review. The set is not that bad, but a shield would be a nice addition. I also don't like the flickfire missile. A camp site with a fire and a chickenleg would also be nice about the rat; Isn't it just foodsupply for the troll? The only problem would than be that the food is running away."], [-1, 'More firefighter, there must be a pyromaniac in Legoland somewhere! Theme: City Set Name: Firefighter Set Number: 5613 Number of Pieces: 25 Figures:1 Released: 2008 List Price: £2.00 (GBP) $3.50 (USD) 2.99 (EURO) 5613 Peeron.com 5613 Bricklink Catalog 5613 Shop At Home Starting as always with the box I didn’t know red cylinders were flammable. Interestingly an action shot and not other sets you might like to buy. The contents of the box. Looks much like every other impulse set. Firefighter, not sure there’s much else to say apart from I wish they’d included breathing equipment. Looking pretty pleased with himself if you ask me. The equipment rack is fairly standard and easy to build, it does however include a fire hydrant. Inbuild shot, will I be able to finish this complex build.[/. Unsurprisingly I did. I nice selection of kit is provided. All together, I think the fire is a bit odd but it does add playability. If you want to increase the number of your firefighter and their equipment this is a great way, though there is something missing in my mind. The Rating System Figures: 5/10 (Fairly standard I already have a fair few) Parts 6/10 (Good selection of tools, but lacks the breathing apparatus I’d expect in a set like this) Fun Fun Fun 5/10 (There’s clearly something to do even if you just own this set.) Design 5/10 (Not going to win any awards but it’s robust) Price 8/10 (Nothing to complain about, you get a lot of accessories for the price.) Grand Total 29/50 (Reasonable design and good accessories a good set to improve any fire department.) Conclusion. This isn’t a set I’d necessarily buy, but while I was at Bluewater today I decided I should try to review every impulse set myself, so that why I bought it. Still I think it has some good playability and a good set of accessories if you need more firefighting kit, I just can’t get passed the lack of breaking apparatus, that would have made it a better set in my view.'], [0, "Quote If you want to increase the number of your firefighter and their equipment this is a great way, though there is something missing in my mind. What's missing?"], [0, 'That’s the problem I couldn’t quite tell what, it’s a bit of a problem in a reviewer. Maybe a hose to clip to the fire hydrant I don’t know.'], [1, "Brick built robot, surely we?€™re getting near classic space now? Theme: Space, Mission Mars Set Name: Mini-Robot Set Number: 5616 Number of Pieces: 24 Figures:1 Released: 2008 List Price: £2.50 (GBP) $3.50 (USD) 2.99 (EURO) 5616 Peeron.com 5616 Bricklink Catalog 5616 Shop At Home Let look at the box first. Space man approaching the robot from behind. I?€™m not sure you can still buy the base easily anymore. The contents of the box. The contents of the box, it?€™s rather white. Fairly standard Mission Mars spaceman, he?€™s got printing front and back but sadly no air tank! How does he breath? *As has been pointed out he does have a printed tank but I'd rather a physical one* Note the megaphone is in flashlight mode not weapon mode, that?€™s important.. The robot itself feels a bit clumsy the metal detector is never going to touch the ground and it feel a bit wide. I don?€™t like the look of him something in the eyes. The reason why so we can have a box to put crystals in. Both together and ready to explore new worlds etc. Sadly the robot was homicidal, remember in space no one can hear you scream. It?€™s not a bad impulse set and if it marks the return of brick built robots to Space then it?€™s a good thing. I just feel the robot could have been better built. The Rating System Figures: 6/10 (Not to bad but nothing wonderful) Parts 6/10 (Lots of white and not much orange, but where?€™s the air tank!) Fun Fun Fun 6/10 (Probably the best impulse set as a stand alon toy lots to do with a robot and his human boss) Design 5/10 (The robot feels clumsily put together I think it needs work) Price 8/10 (Can?€™t fault the impulse price.) Grand Total 31/50 (Not well designed but does have more play value than other impulse sets.) Conclusion. I was surprised that Mission Mars got impulse sets as it didn?€™t seem to sell as well as other lines last year. However I think this is a fairly good set, it has more playability than other sets and does come with a metal detector been a while since I?€™ve seen one (though I could be wrong) sadly the robot isn?€™t as good as it could be. Edited by Sinner, 01 September 2008 - 01:30 AM."], [0, 'Cardinal Brick, on Aug 28 2008, 06:36 PM, said: Fairly standard Mission Mars spaceman, he’s got printing front and back but sadly no air tank! How does he breath? Parts 6/10 (Lots of white and not much orange, but where’s the air tank!) As you said, he has printing on the back, if you look closley you wil lsee a tank printed on his back with "Oxygen" written on it. Stauder.'], [0, 'Opps well that’ll teach me to do reviews without my glasses! Thanks for pointing that out Stauder.'], [-1, "I wasn't all that impressed with what you get in this set for the price. But you have an interesting point; that the robot can be considered a reference to the Classic Space bots. Makes me think I ought to try modding the robot later..."], [-1, "Nice review and quite funny Now I'll never turn my back on a robot again. Poor set. I find this set bad, even for an impulse,. The robot is poorly designed and without any use. The space minifig is ok. I'd rather get another impulse set than this. Except the other Life On Mars Mars Mission impulse sets."], [0, 'Something I forgot to mention is that great review xenologer, on Aug 28 2008, 08:28 PM, said: Makes me think I ought to try modding the robot later... Mod the robot? Why? You should see the interior! Stauder.'], [1, "KimT, on Aug 28 2008, 09:52 PM, said: I'd rather get another impulse set than this. Except the other Life On Mars Mars Mission impulse sets. Actually I kinda like the Crystal Hawk impulse. The default model isn't that great but you get a few nice wing plates to work with (after rearranging it looks pretty good). I guess this one though, is good for some nice parts, tho its pretty limited in what you can rebuild it into, and it seems less value because the astronaut has no vehicle... Best impulse set has to be the Troll Warrior... feels very 'complete', and Space Orcs are always nice to have..."], [1, 'This here was a set that I new I had to get. A beautiful minfig, amazing minfigs, what more could you want? So was this set worth it? I guess you will just have to read the review to find out! Set name: The Batcycle: Harley Quinn\'s Hammer Truck Number: 7886 Pieces: 267 Theme: Batman Year: 2008 Price: 35.00 USD, 44.96 EURO 1/Box The new box art for batman is pretty stunning. It\'s clean, and really sells the set. For this set, Harley Quinn\'s truck is pictured attacking Batman, with the set information. The back of the box shows a nice little comic, the other sets, as well as the set functions. 2/Contents The instructions: The instructions for the set are, as always, clear and straightforward. They display the colors well, and have what we expect in an instruction book. 3/Build Minifigs: The stars of the set! Batman is back with a new torso, much more metalic than before. Harley had all new printed torso, legs, a new head, and that sweet new hat. Batcycle: The bottom part is very sturdy thanks to a small bit of Technic. The red throws it off a bit, but it isn\'t seen once the top part is put on. It has a nice use of the smoke stacks, and looks very nice in the end. The top part is simple, but suits the purpose well. It has handle bars, and a nice motor. The blue is a little strange though. Hammer Truck: The hammer truck begins with a very sturdy base. It has lots of detail, and really looks cool. Rims Added: Lego did a very nice job at giving it a checker board appearence. The only problem here is that you stick a sticker over two bricks, multiple times. Jewels: Inside of the crate are these shining jewels. Look how they illuminate the darkness in Gotham... More Added: Then, we add on a spoiler and the crate. Looking very nice now. The detail is again, outstanding, and It has a good amount of smoothness to it. The infamous Hammer! Okay, I haven\'t said this yet, but the square pieces need to stop. First on those SW backta tanks, now on the hammer? It creates a sloppy look for the hammer. Still, this is the ultimate wacking weapon. Added to the truck: On the truck it works pretty well. But the handle is to short, and it\'s near impossible to smash Batman. The finished truck: The finished truck is really nice. The big wheels give it the monster truck feel, and the way that Lego alternated the colors works well. The cockpit is a little palin, but that\'s not a major issue. The "I love Joker" sticker is one of the best stickers I\'ve seen. It\'s simply a classic. The finished set: ---------------------------- Parts: 9/10 (Lot\'s of good mocing pieces, and red and black are always usefull.) Minifigs: 10/10 (Awesome!) Playability: 9/10 (the hammer is a little short) Price-per-part: 8/10 (It\'s a liscensed theme, so meh.) Set 7886 is a very nice set, and has some great details in it. The minifigs are very cool as well. However, their are some flaws. First, the hammer is two short, and is kind of square. The Batcycle has a few awkward colors in it, which throws it off a bit. This set is definatly worth the money. Batman fans will love it. And also wacking fans will like it, for that hammer... And if you would like to buy this set, Here are a few useful links: S@H link Peeron link Please let me know your comments. And pic requests and questions are welcome!'], [0, 'I saw two stickers next to the window. One said "Whack him" but I can\'t make out the other one. Can you post a picture of it? Good review, by the way!'], [0, 'samthelegoman1, on Aug 28 2008, 03:45 PM, said: I saw two stickers next to the window. One said "Whack him" but I can\'t make out the other one. Can you post a picture of it? Good review, by the way! Thanks! And that would be a joker card.'], [1, 'Cool! I also like the sticker on the back of Joker\'s Ice Cream truck that says "I love Gotham"!'], [1, 'Cues the Indy theme song Let\'s follow Indy on his pursuit on the stolen ark. Indy rides full speed ahead on his white horse, but the Nazis are pulling away! Will Indiana Jones be able to grab on to the truck and reclaim the treasure? Or will the Nazis and their high-powered Mercedes trucks prevail? Let\'s find out! 7622 Race for the Stolen Treasure Set Info Set Name: 7622 Race for the Stolen Treasure Theme: Indiana Jones Released: 2008 Price: 29.99 USD 34.95 Euro 24.99 GBP Pieces: 272 Minifigs: 4 Price Per Piece: About 11 cents And now, the main event! First, the box shots The front shows a nice image of Indy on his horse, trying to make it on to the truck, and the attack truck taking aim. The back This side shows some of the features of the set, in little pictures on the left. Instruction manual Not much to say here, as it\'s the same picture as on the box. Inside the manual On one of the last pages we have a nice picture like the one on the back of the box, showing some features of the set. Random manual pic Here we have the nice piece call-outs that we have come to expect lately. The bags were numbered as well. The pieces A nice selection here, especially if you like black, dark bley and bley. "Cool" pieces The golden treasure chest has a really nice sparkle to it. The set also has a good assortment of coins and jewels, and some wonderful silver 1x1 dots. The canvas covering This is quite nice. It has a nice dark tan color, and some nice detail on it as well. The minifigs First comes Indy\'s beautiful white horse. I always like LEGO animals and this one is no exception. Here are the figs On the left Indiana Jones, and his nice stubble, printed legs, side bag and the best LEGO hat in history. And the Nazis, Peter, Hans, and Klaus. Their torsos are very nice and the hats are amazing. They look really nice with all of their tan. The extra parts Here you get two of the nice silver 1x1s, some clear 1x1s, and the usual technic pins and levers. Now the finished set! First we have the attack truck The truck looks very good. It looks very military like with the colors and the design. It is designed wonderfully with really nice mudguards and a well-detailed front. The only fault of this is I think the top part where the gunner stands is a bit bare. The front Here you can see the front, which has a nice smooth look with some nice details as well. The front ridged piece works well here. The gun This is well made. It is built by attaching a lightsaber hilt in a sort of videocamera piece. The actual area where the guy stands is pretty bare, but not too bad. Backside of the truck The spare tire here is a simple, but nice touch. A side view The mudguards are smartly built by clipping wing flaps on to handle plates. This part gets a bit tedious, but the end result is worth it. The big boy cargo truck! This is another really well built truck. It has a lot of the same design elements as in the smaller truck, such as the mudguards. Front view The front of this truck is as nice or better than the other truck. It uses good SNOT building, and everything fits in well. A close-up view of the tire area Just behind the tire you can see those silver 1x1s being used as the suspension. This is a really nice addition and it looks great. NOTE: It\'s only visual suspension. It is not supposed to work. The canvas cover in action Now the canvas attaches by putting the holes in the canvas, on some little blue technic pins and then clamping them down with the hinged pieces. It looks really nice and curves nicely. The windscreen Treasure! My favorite piece in action. I took this picture with the flash on, so you can see how it sparkles. I think we have waited far too long for this great piece. The complete set! Everything all together. Indy is chasing fast! Indy\'s got it! Brickshelf Folder Now, for the ratings! Price: 9/10 (Not bad, but could have slightly more pieces. At least it has 4 minifigs and that makes up for it.) Parts: 9/10 (A nice selection of parts, lots of greys and black.) Design: 10/10 (The trucks are really well-designed, the mudguards are excellent.) Playability: 8/10 ( I always like rolling the trucks across the floor. ) Build: 9/10 (Pretty good, but gets a bit repetitive in some parts.) Overall: 45/50 Brickset Bricklink Entry Peeron Lego S@H Even after intense fighting, everyone always gets along when there\'s food to be eaten... "Hey Indy! Vant some mustard?" "How about some Ketchup?" Summary This, and all of the other Indiana Jones sets are some of my favorites. They all have nice colors, good design, and great minifigs. Although I need Indy in a different outfit pretty soon. His outfit is starting to smell a bit ripe . This set in particular is very well designed, and I can\'t wait for some more Indy next year. Thanks, and happy building! Edited by Erdbeereis1, 29 August 2008 - 03:47 AM.'], [0, 'Great review! Hmm, I notice that the leg of that old guy is not so perfect. Perhaps you want to push it?'], [-1, "Nice review. I really want this set, but I think the €35 here is too much (more like €25 would suit) and haven't found it cheap enough on ebay yet incl. shipping."], [1, 'Very good, informative review. I really want this set but I never got around to buying it. I thought all of your photos are great and of good quality. keep it up!'], [1, "Great job on this review. I just that last picture. I've got a small remark to add. The first picture is not hosted on in your BS account. I suggest you download it on your PC and move it to your BS account. That way you can make sure it isn't going to disappear in the near future."], [1, 'I love this set... Indy is what got me back into Lego.'], [1, "I discovered this review a month ago and since that point in time, I could not get the image of the sparkling golden chest out of my mind. I finally just purchased the chest for myself. I suppose this is a testament to how well honed your picture taking skills are. This set is definitely a nice one. I'm not a LEGO Indy collector, but I was tempted to purchase this set several times. The vehicles are very nicely detailed and have some cool building techniques, such as the wheel guards."], [1, 'Very good review'], [0, 'I keep looking at this set to buy. Since I have 3 10$ cards now maybe I will go pick it up at the lego store next month. So many things I want.'], [1, 'Great Review, I was debating on whether or not to snag this up before its gone, and I think I will, great review and thanks again!'], [1, "Another Great Review Erdbeeries! I have to give it a I have thought about this set long and hard and your review might just force me to pick it up. The vehicles look nice and the Nazi's are great figs. Bravo."], [1, "Welcome to another sunny day in Legoville...Today we will be joining the Mailman on his daily route delivering the day's mail. When I first saw this set, I immiediately liked it.I think TLG should make more of these everyday life type sets such as delivering mail, going to the grocery store, things like that. Anyway, enough blabbering, on to the review! 7731 Mail Van Set Name: 7731 Mail Van Year: 2008 Theme: City Pieces: 66 Price: $7.99 pounds 4.99 Euros 5.95 Price Per Piece: About 12 cents We'll start with the box shots. The box is an interesting shape that I have never seen before. Very rectangular. The box art is pretty nice. The back shows the mailman delivering some mail. The picture on the front is the same as on the box. Random manual shot. The manual does not have the piece call outs, but on a small set like this, I don't feel it's needed. Parts list. Decent selection of parts. I really like the mail pieces. Image at the back of the manual showing all of the Cargo sets together in a little scene. I like it when the manuals have images like these because it's nice to see all of the sets together. All of the parts spread out. The parts in this set are pretty good. Unfortunatly the car base is one large piece, however, we do get 2 printed mail pieces which are always nice. Our trusty mailman. This torso I think is very nice. The little envelope is a nice touch. Extra parts. Not much to say here... The finished set! I really like the design of the van. It looks very smooth and somehow looks very LEGO to me. The colors are my favorite part. The red and yellow look nice together A nice mailbox. However I wish the letter on the front was printed. The front of the van is nice I think. The textured brick on the front gives it a different look on the front which is nice. The back of the van. The doors open to store mail, although it doesn't have much room, I like that they included this feature. Delivery! The mail bricks slide right into the hole at the front. This adds nice playability. The van's all loaded up! We are ready to deliver! ======================= Parts: 7/10 (Pretty good piece selection, but for $8, should have included a few more.) Playability:8/10 (It's fun to deliver the mail to all of your town's residents.) Design: 9/10 (The design is very nice, except I feel that some of the stickered parts could have been printed.) Overall: 24/30 After a long, hard day of delivering mail, there's nothing like enjoying a nice pizza and letting your hair out. Why do they make us wear those silly hats anyway... This is a nice set that I can definitely recommend and I think TLG should certainly release a post office to go with this and the Air Mail set. I really like these everyday life sets rather than always fighting crime or putting out fires. Those guys have normal lives too! Brickshelf folder: http://www.brickshel...ry.cgi?f=338718"], [1, 'This set is nice it looks like a DHL van'], [1, 'LEGOMAN132, on Aug 29 2008, 03:35 PM, said: This set is nice it looks like a DHL van Funny, thats what I thought when I first saw the pics Good Review BTW Oh and I keep meaning to get this set but keep forgeting..'], [-1, 'Good review, thanks! For the mail van, while it certainly adds interaction and fun to a LEGO town, it alone lacks details and playability, and thus not a good set, especailly taking its price into consideration. Its value is pretty much just like, if not less than, some impulse sets, in my opinion...'], [1, 'It\'s a good set, but I think the first sticker shouldn\'t say "7731"'], [1, 'LEGOMAN132, on Aug 29 2008, 06:35 AM, said: This set is nice it looks like a DHL van Makes you wonder if there was some kind of promo or hookup in the pipeline that never happened?? I have this set and I really like it. It works well with either the new City sets or with my older 1980s/1990s sets. I actually like the use of the old style car base and mourned the day that these became exitinct the first time round (c1990). Thanks for the review! Cheers Rog'], [-1, "It's an ok set. I just don't really like the look of the van much. Too rounded for my liking. What happened to the box like cars??"], [1, 'Thanks for that very nice review, Erdbeereis1. It´s great to see some other City sets beside the usual hospital, police and firefighter mayhem, and this is a really nice little one. Now give me some car doors and a Kevin Costner-like MF and I´m a happy camper indeed, TLC...'], [1, 'Nice review. I like this little set. Some how it reminds me now of "Postman Pat" in dutch "Pieter Post", an english childrens tv series about a postman in a little village somewhere in Yorkshire. Aah, sweet memories I would rather have seen a postoffice released (with some women minifigs) instead of the green post bigplane. But maybe in a couple of years.'], [1, "I do like the set also. I've bought 2 of them. One to build it up and one to keep it MISB (I dunno for how long ). Only poor things is that the wheels are too wide. Car is 5nops wide instead of 4. Afterall a good design. I wonder if there's a post office coming soon. By the way, great review."], [-1, "rriggs, on Aug 31 2008, 02:55 AM, said: I actually like the use of the old style car base and mourned the day that these became exitinct the first time round (c1990). I don't hate the piece, but I did object to the way this set fills in the middle recessed area with a 2 x 2 plate that is nearly impossible to get out again without doing some damage to it. What's more, if you fill in the recessed area, you've eliminated the only rationale for using the car base in the first place."], [1, "Welcome to another sunny day in LEGO city! The sun is shining, the birds are singing, minifigs are drowning.... Wait? What?! The Coast Guard rushes to the scene and deploys the Coast Guard 4WD & Jet Scooter to save the poor minifig from drowning. Let's take a look at the Coast Guard's buggy! 7737 Coast Guard 4WD & Jet Scooter Set Info Set Name: 7737 Coast Guard 4WD & Jet Scooter Theme: City-Coast Guard Released: 2008 Price: 9.99 USD-9.95 EUR-7.99 GBP Pieces: 130 Minifigs: 1 Price Per Piece: About 8 cents Now, the review! The Box Here is the front. It shows a nice image of the buggy on the beach with the ocean in the background. The Back The back shows some of the features in the set, such as the extra equipment. Manual The picture on the manual is the same as on the box as usual. The Parts The set has great colors. I love how the orange, blue and white look together. The part selection is quite good, but unfortunately uses the large car base. Coast Guard Minifig This is a great fig. The torso print is very nice and matches the buggy's colors well. New Tire Mold Here are the new tires. They look very good. In-Manual Shot Color separation is not a problem here, and since it is a small set, the piece call out is not a necessity. Extra Parts It is always nice to get extra cheese slopes. The Finished Set! The design of the trailer and jetski is great. The jetski is very smooth looking and the color scheme is fantastic. The sticker on the roof is nice, but it's actually too big for the piece. The corners of the sticker flap where the piece curves. Jetski Close-up Here you can see how it attaches to the trailer. I didn't add the sticker that goes on the front which is a little sign that says BB-03 or something. Attaching The Trailer This is where the trailer connects to the main car. It attaches simply with a ball joint. Car Front View The license plate is a nice sticker, and the top lights look nice. Say cheese driver! The Back The back is very similar to the front, it has the same sticker. The Equipment Rack A very welcome addition to the set. It adds quite a bit of playability. The orange fins are great. All Decked Out He looks pretty spiffy in his diving suit doesn't he? Brickshelf Folder The Ratings! Price: 10/10 (You can't get much more in here for $10) Parts: 9/10 (Nice selection and great colors. The big car base is a bit annoying) Design: 9/10 (The jetski is a prime example of something with a small amount of pieces that still looks amazing) Playability: 9/10 (You can drive the car, go diving, and jetski across the bay) Minifig: 7/10 (The one it comes with is great, but it could have come with one more. Perhaps a citizen of some sort) Build: 8/10 (Simple, but looks great) Overall: 42/50 LEGO S@H Brickset Peeron Bricklink Even in the face of danger, this member of the Coast Guard always has a smile on his face... Summary Simply put, for $10 you have to buy this set. It is one of the better sets in this price range you can buy, and one of the best small city sets. The colors are great, the design is great, and the fig is great. I don't normally think small sets are worth heavy praise, but this one definitely deserves it. Thanks, and happy building!"], [1, 'What an outstanding review of a great set. I esp. like your intro. I have this set, but have not opened it yet. It looks like a fun little beach set. The new Coast Guard theme is very nice! EDIT: This set could almost pass for Classic Town, except for the use of orange and the lack of opening doors on the car. 5 stars!'], [1, 'Great job! I will want to get this set soon. It\'s a lovely set, with some coast guard saving on the jet ski. What I don\'t like about this set, is the lack of doors. Everything about this is nice, but I still have to give it a "4". As for the entire flow of review, I agreed with Brickster that your introduction is very good. With the little amends I had added earlier, it turns out to be very good. Keep it up.'], [1, 'I am not a fan of City/Town/Train-stuff. But this is a very good review, that almost makes me wish I had the time (read: money) to purchase some of the coast-guard sets.'], [1, 'A very good review of an especially charming and lovely set, thanks! The whole CG theme looks very nice to me with a good and detailed set design, and this one´s no exception. Although it would be nice to see more car doors and some new MF faces, though.'], [1, "Thanks for this review. I was thinking of getting this set and having read your review went out today and got it. What a great little set. What I particularly like: Very sturdy build. Feels very solid as you build the pickup (compared to the Fire pickup & trailer I also have) The orange pieces (my first pieces in this colour!) The tyres which give the smoothest ride of any Lego Town/City vehicle I've ever built The raised suspension and side runners The Coast Guard dude (again a first for me) and his mega-cool flippers and aqualung The jetski controls - The handlebars actually move left to right which is a great detail Little details that Lego didn't have to do (the grey handle by the ball joint; moving handlebars; the new tyres) As you can probably guess, I have voted Outstanding for this set! Erdbeereis1, on Aug 29 2008, 06:02 AM, said: Color separation is not a problem here, and since it is a small set, the piece call out is not a necessity. You do get a piece call out with this set (I did anyway). It's on the back of the small poster that is included in the set! Thanks again Cheers Rog Edited by rriggs, 02 September 2008 - 02:53 PM."], [1, 'Thanls for the review, I was looking at this set last time I went to the Lego store, but in the end decided not to get it. Now you’ve made me really doubt my decision. One question though do you think the jet ski is as good as previous ones?'], [1, "rriggs, on Sep 2 2008, 08:50 AM, said: You do get a piece call out with this set (I did anyway). It's on the back of the small poster that is included in the set! I meant the piece call outs during the build that show which pieces you need for that step. And Cardinal Brick, I'm not quite sure what you mean, but I cetainly think that this jetski is wonderful."], [1, "Erdbeereis1, on Sep 2 2008, 09:15 PM, said: I meant the piece call outs during the build that show which pieces you need for that step. Oh! Cardinal Brick, on Sep 2 2008, 09:05 PM, said: One question though do you think the jet ski is as good as previous ones? I have to agree that the jetski is an awesome little piece of design. Apart from the handle bars it has a really cool orange piece on the front (a piece I've never seen before) - the 4x3 wheelarch sort of thing... Cheers Rog"], [1, 'I agree that this is a very good looking set. I just finished building mine yesterday, and I love it. But here is one suggestion. Trim the large sticker that goes on the roof of the vehicle by cutting along the angles at the front of the sticker. If you use it as it is, it will extend beyond the "flat" surface of the roof and will overlap the lower sections. Past experience with stickers has suggested that this sticker will "lift" at the front corners. Lego stickers are probably the best that there are, but sometimes modifications must be made. Now I want that large Coast Guard helicopter, #7738!!!'], [1, 'Nice set, nice review, I already have one coastguard set (that truck) but I like the idea very much. However, the Rigid Inflatables could be much improved (see the real ones at www.rnli.co.uk or www.knrm.nl)'], [1, 'Great review of a great set! One question: How does the robot-arm-piece connect to the jetski?'], [0, 'It gets placed on top of This piece.'], [1, "The Coast Guard sets are very eye catching. The color scheme is making me want to pick up the entire line, although the off-shore platform hasn't been released State-side yet. I've had my eye on this particular set for a few weeks now and is near the top of my To Buy list. With instructions provided on LEGO.com, I build a Dr. Infero version of the jet ski to replace the one used in Mission 2: Swamp Raid. It's a very sturdy design, bulky enough to make it feel like a real vehicle. Great review, too. Thank-you for the closer look at the set."], [0, 'Erdbeereis1, on Sep 3 2008, 04:36 PM, said: It gets placed on top of This piece. I thought so, so thanks for confirming!'], [1, "Arrgh me hearties! Let's join the Pirates as they try to steal the sacred treasure from the Islanders' hands. It won't be easy, King Kahuka and his loyal warriors closely guard the treasure 24 hours a day. Will the Pirates with their trusty pistols and cutlasses be able to defeat the Islanders' spears, pet alligator and powerful leafy skirts? We will find out! 6262 King Kahuka's Throne Set Info Set Name: 6262 King Kahuka's Throne Theme: Pirates-Islanders Released: 1994 Price: ??? (I don't know the original price. I got it from Bricklink with no box for $17. Unfortunately, I was not able to locate the Euro or Pounds price.) Pieces: 123 Minifigs: 5 Off we go! Unfortunately, I don't have the box because I didn't like the idea of spending over $50 for a set with under 200 pieces. So sorry, no box pics. Instructions I think the image on the front is very good. It seems less setup somehow than the instructions these days. It looks more like someone snuck up on them while they were going about their duties and snapped away rather than something that was planned. The Parts A nice selection here. There is a pretty good amount of printed pieces in this set which is always nice. For example, the zebra print tile, as well as the pirate flag nowadays would almost certainly be stickered. The set also comes with a nice dark grey BURP and a red boat for the Pirates. The Minifigs The main buying point of this set for me were the minifigs. This set comes with 5 of them which is quite good for a small set like this, especially when compared to the sets of today. The set comes with 1 alligator, 2 Pirates, 2 Islander Warriors and King Kahuka himself. I really like the Islanders' torso and leg prints. The leafy skirts are a nice touch and the make-up on the faces is superb. Some Parts I Liked These shields have a nice design on them and I always like the treasure chests. A Picture Inside The Manual This is a feature that I liked in the manual, it shows an overhead view of the baseplate so it's much easier to find where to put the piece. I certainly could have used this feature in last year's Aquabase Invasion set. A Close-Up Of The King The face print is nice. I wonder who Kahuka's make-up artist is.... The finished set! First, The Pirates' Boat The boat is really nice. The sail is made out of a nice cloth, and connects simply to the mast. And now, the main part of the set, the throne! This is a really nice model. I think the colors and the design make it really feel like a different part of the LEGO world. The rock sculpture looks fantastic as well. The throne, which is sort of a stretcher thing attaches here. It connects on a 1x2 tile with a stud in the middle for easy removal Here is the treasure that the Pirates seek The treasure rests on tiles inside of the rock. The zebra print tribal drum This is simple but nice. One thing that's great about this which I mentioned earlier, is that this and all of the other pieces with designs on them are printed. That's right, no stickers to be found here! I have used these zebra-print tiles many times for MOCs, as they make a great exotic detail piece. The lovely rock head I think this is wonderful. It really adds a lot to the set. It is well built with grey slopes, curved pieces for the mouth and nose, headlight bricks for the eyes and feathers and horns for detail. The backside The complete set! Overall, this looks great in my opinion with great landscaping and some fun parts. Well, it looks like the Pirates walked all over the Islanders and stole their treasure... In fact, it looks like it was pretty brutal. Brickshelf Folder Now, for the the ratings! Price: 8/10 (for $17 not a great price per piece value. But when you add 5 figs in, it makes it a decent price. Plus this set hasn't been in stores for 14 years so that adds some cost) Parts: 9/10 (The set has some really nice printed parts, as well as a baseplate, which in my opinion, is great) Design: 9/10: (No flaws that I can think of right away. The rock face is very well built) Playability: 8/10 (Not really anything to play with, although you can sail the ship and steal the treasure) Build: 9/10 (Rock face uses nice techniques and the rest of the set is simple but looks good) Minifigs: 10/10 (The minifigs are just fantastic. Great prints, and just overall fun. Overall: 53/60 Bricklink Entry Peeron Brickset It looks like the Pirates have picked up a new recruit from the island... Summary The older LEGO sets have a really different look to them than the new sets, and I think it's nice to have a mix of new and old. This is definitely a great set with a nice build and great minifigs. Add to this the great printed pieces and that old Pirate charm, and you get a very nice set that I can certainly recommend. Thanks, and happy building! Edited by Erdbeereis, 17 August 2009 - 02:39 AM."], [0, "Erdbeereis1, I've had a quick look your review and I must say it's quite superb! I'm dead tired so I'm going to take a nap but I'll be back later to read it more thoroughly."], [1, 'I had to vote outstanding on this set because it simply is, great minifigs, a cool head sculpture and a nice little boat means unlimited playability, great review though man!'], [1, "As I've already said somewhere on this forum, this is the largest Islander set I own and therefore my favourite. Thankyou for your great review. I picked mine up for only 5 pounds along with Crocodile Cage and King Kahuka, but I can't help you with the original price. I would search the web but I'm too tired right now..."], [1, "What a great review of an excellent set. I love the Islanders and that drum (outstanding!). I think these Islander sets never got the credit they dserved. I really like this set and it's a great addition to the Pirate collection."], [0, 'I feel the same way about the Islanders sets Brickster. They are a nice change from the regular pirate versus soldiers that is the norm. I think it would be interesting to see some new Islanders sets released in the new pirate line to see how TLC would make them.'], [1, "What a wonderful review with smart (showing the right parts) and clear pictures. Fantastic job Erdbeereis1! This set is interesting for several reasons. First of all it contains a large amount of (very) useful minifigs. Not many sets of this size contain so much figs. Secondly, the throne itself can be easily combined with the other Islander sets or even with other pirate and non-pirate sets. I'm going to see if I can get this one for a reasonable price on eBay."], [1, 'Great review, well done for sure!! I love these reviews of old set, and this one is especially unique. I must agree with you the color scheme is magnificent. Makes me want to go to ebay and buy it now! To bad for Spongebob though, he got in with a real bad crowd...'], [1, 'Excellent review! I want this set now!'], [-1, "Thanks for the great review. This set is pretty standard as Islanders go, but it is such a cool subtheme that I don't care a bit. I totally agree with your comment about old and new sets. I don't think I would enjoy Lego as much if I didn't have a decent amount of kits from pre 1999."], [0, 'Another very nice review, and im glad to see it has some nice pieces as well as characters too. Looks to me that no one on BL has it in Australia for sale so I may pass on this beauty. Though I did pick up King Kahuka recently. He makes an appearance in my Medium entry'], [0, '$17 for an old set is good. I may hunt for it on ebay. :)'], [1, "An outstanding set because who doesn't love islanders. Outstanding review as well."], [1, "An outstanding set, too bad that I couldn't get this set set when it came out ..."], [1, 'Very solid set. 5 minifigs and plenty of weapons to go around, adding up to great playability, what more could you want? (aspecially from a set this size) Only I would have liked another cutlass, a musket (instead of 1 of the pistols) and for 1 of the pirates to have another head, but those things are no big deal, it is still a lot better than sets nowadays. Edited by Fluyt, 23 December 2008 - 09:50 PM.'], [0, 'Those Indians look useful for Indiana Jones in the future {As long as the have the new skin color} I wish I could have picked one of those up when I could.'], [1, "Well, for some weird reason I missed this before, so I tell you now: very good review (as we are used of you, Erdbeereis1). I like all the Islander sets, and own quite a few myself! For people that don't own any of the Islander sets yet, the 6262 King Kahuka's Throne is a great way to start! Lots of minifigs and accessories!"], [0, "Well, this is a not so old set and i bet most of you already have it. So here is another review from me. As usual, let us start off with the box art. Box art: I like the box art. They put a nice background for the AT-AP. At the side we have the minifigs scale and at the back there is the function shown and advertisement for other set. The content: The content is consist of 6 packets of bricks and a instruction book. Yeap, no sticker sheet. Instruction book: The instruction books not only show us the steps but also show us all a clear pictures of the January release sets and some sets show with their function. Well, this includes the AT-AP functions as well. Besides, there are bricks checklist as well and the how do you start off before assemble your sets and a little poster where the clones with their AT-AP battling the Droids. Here's a random page. New pieces (to me): I never see both of this piece before so I assume it is a new pieces. Anyone have any idea is there any other sets that contains this piece? The blasters: We are given a 2 long blasters which is great. Which I it is more accurate as most of the Clone troopers use a long blaster. The minifigs: The minifigs is 2 Shock Trooper but is different with #7655 clone troopers battle packs's Shock Trooper. The leg is different in colour, we are given white hip while the one in the battle pack are given a black hip. Furthermore, we get a new printed headgear, which I think they have improve it, check out the mouth printing, the colour is brighter. So here is the headgear: The headgear limit itself from turning to the side this is because the front part it is too low until it block by the torso. The Shock Troopers: Without helmet on: We are given a black stud, no face printed. How I wish that I have extra. With helmet on: Comparison with Shock Troopers from Battle Pack: The AT-AP: Here's the AT-AP. It looks ugly at a certain angle and looks great in a certain angle. Anyway I still like the set. I like the walker vehicle. Below are the pictures taken randomly: Top view: Side view: Without stabilizer leg: With stabilizer leg: Rear view: The Functions: Well, the functions are not so impressive. Just something turning around, open here and there. The only function that is say as special is the retractable stabilizer leg. The cockpit: The cockpit can fit two Clone Troopers but too bad we are only given two and is not enough as there is no gunner on top. Inside it there is a guns holders, which can hold two guns but fall off easily when you are trying to remove the guns. Well the other side have some speedometre thing and a controller. To reveal the cockpit, you have to open the top hatch. Look below: so you can see what's inside: Oops, the side hatch and back hatch as well: Open and close: I think this pieces is use not to let you open the hatch but to make some design, I mean make it able to move inside. With Clones: Beneath: So this is the pieces that hold the stabilizer leg when is not in use. This is how the stabilizer leg move: At last~ And of course the revealing cockpit from below and at the back. Guess the droids have alternative way to take this things down faster. The leg: There are pieces blocking the leg to go to the front I mean overhead and lose balance. The base in not movable The side armor: The side armor has door and this is how it is attach. It is very flimsy, when you want to adjust it to be a little steep to creat the shape, they might just fall off. So it is connected to the body with just a technic pin. and to hold it properly, here is the support: The side hatch: It open and close easily, very loose, nothing to hold it tight. Here's some view when the side hatch is open. The cannon: The cannon on top is movable and adjustable. The big cannon can move up and down while the smaller one can cove sideways. But the smaller one tend to lose balance when it is without minifigs, means the one on top and below will not b align. This is the pieces that only enable it to move up and down. To prevent it from moving freely, LEGO put two pieces to block it. Completion: I try to make the sets looks great. I think this angle is right. Spare parts: It is so few compare with #7673 Magna Guard Starfighter and it is more expensive. Overall: This set is not really a good set. The hatch is quite flimsy, top and the side since there is nothing to hold them tight. Besides, it is lack of one clone. But to complete your walker collection, you must have it. Pros: -no sticker needed -new improved headgear -long balsters Cons: -lack of clone -flimsy -expensive as few pieces are given] Hope you guys like it. Edited by KimT, 30 August 2008 - 12:01 PM."], [-1, "I do not like the fact that the clones have pure white legs. It looks weird to me. It was also weird that they included Shock Troopers, but it was probably a way to get people to buy it. This set also seems like one of those that was kind of thrown in with a mix of other sets like the Tie Crawler. I never picked it up, and with the new Clone Wars sets out, I won't."], [-1, "SWMAN, on Aug 29 2008, 08:35 PM, said: I do not like the fact that the clones have pure white legs. It looks weird to me. It was also weird that they included Shock Troopers, but it was probably a way to get people to buy it. This set also seems like one of those that was kind of thrown in with a mix of other sets like the Tie Crawler. I never picked it up, and with the new Clone Wars sets out, I won't. Me too. I don't like the the Shock to have white legs because I am very fussy and I don't mix them. I also expect other Clone to be in this set but it came with 2 Shocks. I buy it because i like the Walker vehicle."], [-1, 'I agree, the pure white legs are odd, as is the inclusion of shocks instead of pilots or regulars. Or maybe even Kashykk troopers; that might have been better.'], [0, 'baby, on Aug 29 2008, 12:54 PM, said: Has anyone noticed the boxart includes the 3rd leg both in the lowerd position as well as the raised one? Stauder.'], [0, "I switched my shock trooper legs as soon as I got this set. As for the new pieces, I'm pretty sure that they were also featured in the Striking Venom set. Nice in depth review! I switched my shock trooper legs as soon as I got this set. As for the new pieces, I'm pretty sure that they were also featured in the Striking Venom set. Nice in depth review!"], [1, "Stauder, on Aug 29 2008, 08:45 AM, said: Has anyone noticed the boxart includes the 3rd leg both in the lowerd position as well as the raised one? Stauder. I believe that's to show off the functions of the set. Nice review, you carefully explained every detail and I think that I'll buy this set now. I'm glad LEGO decided to make two seat's in the interior and they did a very nice job on the third leg looking good both up and down. I think I will switch the hips of the shock troopers into black, like the other shock troopers."], [0, "Stauder, on Aug 29 2008, 02:45 PM, said: Has anyone noticed the boxart includes the 3rd leg both in the lowerd position as well as the raised one? Stauder. It's not the 3rd leg, it's the other main leg. Zoom in and take a closer look."], [1, 'Technic Rotation Joint Disc set list. It\'s used in 10 different sets so far, not exactly a new piece A nice review with many good comments. I really like this set. It\'s one of the walkers with really good design and a lot of playability. It\'s the usual issue of using too many technic pieces to make a moveable feature versus minifig-scaled design. The same issue concerns for example the AT-AT, The Twilight and the AT-TE (plus more sets). What annoys me in this set is the use of the 2 tan 4x8 plates. They "stick out" and it would have been better if they (the designers) had used dark grey or light grey plates. Also I\'ll add this to the inventory - now!'], [0, "SWMAN, on Aug 29 2008, 08:35 PM, said: I do not like the fact that the clones have pure white legs. It looks weird to me. It was also weird that they included Shock Troopers, but it was probably a way to get people to buy it. This set also seems like one of those that was kind of thrown in with a mix of other sets like the Tie Crawler. I never picked it up, and with the new Clone Wars sets out, I won't. I just found out AT-AP appear in Kashykk battle. They should have given us Kashykk Trooper. Damn TLG. So this vehicle is in the original trilogy."], [-1, "I like this set, but I don't like the pure white legs for the Shock Troopers. It looked better with the black leg joint piece. I also think the set looks like half an at-te."], [0, 'Did anyone encounter the problem with the main turret? Apparently, the very tip of the piece (cone shape) can\'t be put onto the "pole" piece. I check the instructions 2 times and still can\'t find what i\'m doing wrong. Is it just me or did anyone else got this problem as well?'], [0, 'BlueDragonZ, on Nov 25 2009, 10:18 PM, said: Did anyone encounter the problem with the main turret? Apparently, the very tip of the piece (cone shape) can\'t be put onto the "pole" piece. I check the instructions 2 times and still can\'t find what i\'m doing wrong. Is it just me or did anyone else got this problem as well? I seem to recall having a problem with the largest turret as well. I forget how the instructions look though, but the bar not fitting in the cone sounds familiar. I just checked mine and what I did was I took the red bar and stuck it into the round piece with the fins and then attached the cone to the stud on top of the round part. Worked fine for me. Edited by Destroydacre, 26 November 2009 - 08:04 AM.'], [-1, "I could have gotten this set if I wanted to but it seemed like a waste of money to me. I don't like the shock troopers helmets that much. I feel they should have printed visors instead of cut out ones like they have in my opinion it would make it look a lot better. The AT AP itself sounds like it has a lot of holes in its cockpit which drags the set down and make it seem like they haven't exactly put a lot of effort into it. Great review!"], [1, "Wow talk about a bumper! Nice Review baby! This set is quite nice, I would have goten it if I had had the money but didn't back then so didn't get it. It has a nice parts selection! Why did Lego do the shock troopers with White hips? And the BP ones have Black hips. Confusers me. CommanderFox"], [1, 'Product: 7681 Separatist Spider Droid™ (SSD) Theme: Star Wars: The Clone Wars No of pieces: 206 Release Date: 26 July 2008 RRP: SGD59.90/USD29.90 Availability: Lego Shop@Home, Target, Toys \'R\' Us (Worldwide). Quote Conquer the galaxy, one planet at a time! Unleash the power of the Separatist Spider Droid™! This towering engine of mechanical destruction from the Clone Wars strides across hostile terrain on four independently positionable stilt legs, then uses its movable laser cannons to blast Republic forces. Includes Commander Fox™, Clone Trooper™, Battle Droid™, Super Battle Droid™ and Battle Droid Commander™ minifigures! Rotate the laser cannon on top! Laser cannon underneath bends to change direction! Measures 6" (15cm) tall and 10½" (27cm) wide! Also known as the homing spider droid, this is what I would usually reckon as a mini-fig set if not for the high price point. Since there\'s a total of 5 mini-figs to be had, and at least 3 of them are going to be high sought after.(Commander Fox™, Clone Trooper™, Battle Droid Commander™). At first glance, it looked like there\'s only 3 packets. Actually, it\'s a total of 4 packets, 1 of the packet is inside the biggest packet. It\'s not a very complex build. Took me around 25min since I was playing around with the mini-figs more than I was building up the spider droid. Though finally, here\'s the completed build-up. Usually for lego products, what excites me are the vehicles, yet this set is the other way round. Yes, the mini-figs are definitely the crowd-pleaser this time. On with the review. Here\'s the close-ups of the droids in the following order, Battle Droid Commander™, Battle Droid™, & Super Battle Droid™. There\'s not much to comment on the droids, except that the battle droids come with the new arm that\'s able to hold the blaster properly upright. The SBD is the same dude that can be found easily in the previous droid battlepack. And now the good part... Clone troopers. And that\'s commander fox, and his trooper. I was quite mystified by the amount of accessories given to the clone troopers as per the instruction booklet, as there wasn\'t any indication of what they were... (commlink, grenades, sensor scope, range finder?!?) Then it hit me... real hard. Notice anything yet? Yup, it\'s a night scope, and a range finder. That, plus the visor that\'s available to Fox too. Now, this is really a good time to start troop building for the clone wars. :twisted: Here\'s the weaponary. Of course, let not forget the main dude... Fore: Port: Aft: Starboard: The SSD looks very similar to the actual screenshots from AOTC, though am still wondering what\'s that little translucent red piece for... A re-enactment. And a comparison. This set is really either a miss or a hit. For me, it\'s a hit, due to the mini-fig count, and the wide array of accessories. It\'s going to probably be a hit depending on the movie that\'s coming out this month, since we have commander fox here(I heard that C.Fox hasbro figure is a Target Exclusive, meaning it\'s gonna be another highly sought after). This set is also stated to be a limited edition, and seeing as how it\'s only available so far in only 1 toys r us in sg, this just might not be available anymore after the movie starts. :D Comments: This review was done immediately after the Launch of the clone wars toys at the midnight launch on 26 July on a local starwars fan forum. And after having caught the movie only yesterday, I now only have this to say, "It\'s not part of the movie!?!". Oh well, Cmdr. Fox probably will fair better once the TV series starts proper. Then again, that less-than-one-minute cameo of him, I do find it unforgivable. This being the 2nd review available, I sincerely hope you guys enjoy it.'], [1, "I did enjoy it Thanks for sharing your thoughts in this set and reviewing it. I'll add it to the index. Maybe you should consider joining the Reviewers Academy and rule the Galaxy (or something )"], [1, "valentin, on Aug 30 2008, 02:31 AM, said: The SSD looks very similar to the actual screenshots from AOTC, though am still wondering what's that little translucent red piece for... I assumed it was the Droid's eye. Great review BTW. Now I know what all the little bits are! I have this set as well, I quite like the Droid. Dr. S."], [1, 'So thats what all those miscellaneous parts are for...Anyway, great review, and I like that you took pictures of everything from different angles.'], [0, "Doctor Sinister, on Aug 30 2008, 08:22 PM, said: I assumed it was the Droid's eye. Great review BTW. Now I know what all the little bits are! I have this set as well, I quite like the Droid. Dr. S. Dr. S. Yup, only notice it after re-watching AOTC. It's the sensor for visual data. TLC gave the better effect than Hasbro, since they made it glow like in the movie. KimT, not at the moment, since I have slowed down quite abit due to my day job. Though, I still definitely enjoy the company here to contribute more reviews when available(meaning after I find a better way to co-exist both my hasbro and lego stuff spending). millacol88, yup, those accessories definitely makes me want to start lego clone troop building."], [1, "Valentin, nice review! I was thinking of doing this review, and realised there were 3 reviews being done for this lovely set. I must admit this is an amazing set, after buying it in TRU for SGD$49.90 (15% discount). I like the comparison of both spider droid even though one is not LEGO. Thanks for doing this lovely review. It's enjoyable to read."], [1, "Thanks. Keke, imagine the horror that gripe my heart to see the discounted price on the SG's Toys 'R' Us Flyer about a month after its release into retail. Anyway, looking forward to your other reviews too."], [1, "valentin, on Sep 13 2008, 10:35 PM, said: Thanks. Keke, imagine the horror that gripe my heart to see the discounted price on the SG's Toys 'R' Us Flyer about a month after its release into retail. Anyway, looking forward to your other reviews too. Hey Valentin and White Fang! Glad to see fellow SGs here! More reviews pls...."], [-1, "There's plenty of reviews in the Review Index. (Pinned topic)"], [0, "Alakazam! The good wizard is the wisest minifig in all of LEGOland. He is a master of the wand and can see the future. With these abilities, he helps the knights predict where the Trolls will strike next. Because this set is not in stores in the U.S., I was luckily able to buy this set on my vacation to Germany. It is interesting that it is a Euro exclusive. 5614 The Good Wizard Set Info Set Name: 5614 The Good Wizard Theme: Castle Released: 2008 Price: EUR 2.95-GBP 1.99 Pieces: 16 Minifigs: 1 The Review Unfortunately I don't have the box, because in got smushed in my suitcase on the plane, so needless to say, it was not in top condition... The Manual The manual is an extremely small fold-out. But the image on the front is nice. On the back of the manual, there is a picture of some of the 2008 impulse sets. This is a nice feature. The Parts For an impulse set this has a pretty good selection. A very nice owl, and an interesting clear ball piece. All built This set took me forever to build. I had to take numerous breaks as it was the toughest, longest build I have ever faced! For an impulse set, this actually looks pretty good. The owl perch is nice, also the crystal ball table. The wizard is a very nice fig, with great printing on the legs and hat, and I love his beard. Brickshelf Gallery The Ratings Price: 8/10 (Not bad, but I feel that impulse sets are slightly overpriced) Parts: 7/10 (Impulse sets are focused around the minifig, but the parts in this set are pretty good) Design: 7/10 (The crystal ball is a good idea, and the owl perch is simple but nice) Playability: 6/10 (There is not much to play with here) Build: 8/10 (As I said before, it took forever. Really it took all of 1 minute) Minifig: 10/10 (The wizard is fantastic) Overall: 46/60 Bricklink LEGO S@H Brickset Abracadabra, blades of four... You are now a dinosaur! Summary For an impulse set, this is very nice. The wizard is an excellent fig, and getting an animal in a cheap set is always great. I would definitely recommend this set. Thanks, and happy building!"], [0, "Good review for a simple set. While it does come with the basics for an impulse set, I just feel that it lacks something though I am not sure what. Perhaps a printed magic scroll? I am still not a fan of the printed cap (especially the stars), but I do like the printed pants displaying his various goodies hanging from his belt. The plain torso is to be expected from a wizard minifig I suppose. Overall, it's not a bad set but it certainly feels to be lacking something, IMO."], [1, "Thanks for the review. I love this impulse set, I bought two of them so I could make a Wizard and his apprentice. I didn't have an owl either so an extra is pretty cool, and I like the trans globe piece. Batbrick Away!"], [0, "Kudos on a well presented and written review. I think the reason this set didn't release in US was because it didn't have any warnings about choking anywhere on the box, therefore no lawsuits in US for LEGO. Cheers ISC"], [0, "I Scream Clone, on Aug 31 2008, 02:27 AM, said: Kudos on a well presented and written review. I think the reason this set didn't release in US was because it didn't have any warnings about choking anywhere on the box, therefore no lawsuits in US for LEGO. Cheers ISC No that's not the reason. I'm sure you'll get this set eventually. As for the box, well, there's always been 2 box-designs - one for the US and one for EU (actually there's an Asian one as well). The EU doesn't have the box count or the don't swallow (we know that). The US version has the brick count and don't swallow warning (typical US). Thanks for a super review strawberry-ice-man. I like the wizard, I'm only sorry they put him in an impulse set. Who'd want an army of medium blue wizards? So it's the worst army builder, but a cool wizard. Does that make sense?"], [-1, 'The next in my attempt to review every impulse set single handed Theme: Space, Mission Mars Set Name: Alien Jet Set Number: 5617 Number of Pieces: 21 Figures:1 Released: 2008 List Price: £1.99 (GBP) $3.50 (USD) 2.99 (EURO) 5617 Peeron.com 5617 Bricklink Catalog 5617 Shop At Home As always we begin outside of the box It looks rather exciting at first glance. Set that cost a lot more than this one. Now for what?€™s inside. The contents of the box, the impulse sets never look that inspiring. Now for the alien, I have to say I?€™m not impressed. I?€™m not a big space fan and I only bought this due to my impulse review challenge, but as the main point of the impulse sets is the alien is a little hard to build a good set round something with one point or articulation. It lacks what make Lego minfigs so great their articulation. Now for the space vehicle, as always with impulse a short and easy build ensues. Took maybe 2 mins at the most. Time to mount the alien in his craft. The craft looks a little wide for him. Slightly better from this angle but still not winning any awards. I?€™m disappointed of the impulse sets I?€™ve reviewed so far this is clearly the weakest of them, but what really disappointing is the other seem so good and useful. The Rating System Figures: 3/10 (The alien is not a good minfig) Parts 6/10 (Some interesting parts but nothing that special.) Fun Fun Fun 2/10 (I can?€™t think of anything to do with this set to be honest.) Design 4/10 (Poorly designed the box makes it look much better.) Price 6/10 (Despite the impulse price tag I?€™m still unhappy about the price.) Grand Total 21/50 (Less than half marks the lowest I?€™ve given so far.) Conclusion. In many ways I?€™m annoyed, from the outside of the box this set looks quite interesting and certainly appears to be well designed. The idea of a small alien fighter/flying craft is in my opinion a good one, but sadly when you?€™ve got the finished product in your hand it looks nothing like the box art. While I think Mission Mars had some interesting sets and I might still get some of them this one will not be a repeat purchase for me.'], [0, "Well set out review with alot of great content! Gotta ask you though, how does the set look nothing like the box art? With so few pieces I'd have thought one could mentally put it together given the box front."], [-1, 'I’m not a great communicator but what I was trying to say was that on the box the sets looks quite exciting and well made and that the Alien fits much more snugly than it does. So I was a bit disappointed that it seemed wider and less compact and certainly less exciting when I opened it,'], [-1, 'well now we at least know that we can avoid that set ;) Johan'], [-1, "Worst set of the year? Worst set of all time? The pictures say it all, no ratings necessary. A waste of paper for box and instructions, and waste of plastic for bag and jelly alien. The little alien ship that comes with the Switch Fighter beats this one hands down, as well as any other LEGO spaceship I have ever seen and I have seen many. Thankfully this set isn't available in my country, which is something I never thought I would say. Anyway, I hope TLG makes these awful jelly aliens disappear forever after this year."], [-1, 'Thanks for the review. Considering the price, I give it "Below Average". I didn\'t buy any of the space impulse sets as I don\'t think they are good value.'], [-1, 'Thanks for this review. As for the set? Well, I am not to crazy about this set, But I want some sort of small alien fleet vehicals, and this would work well. But I would rather ave my money to buy classic town. Edited by ~VBBN~, 01 September 2008 - 02:48 AM.'], [-1, 'To be honest, I am going to give this set a "1"... That is my lowest rating I will ever give to a set in Eurobricks. In fact, this is the only impulse set which I do not have it at all. After looking at your wonderful review, I am going to give it a "2" and actually consider it to buy at least one to complete the entire impulse set series. I don\'t really like the design and the alien at all. In fact, I prefer the Mars Mission astronaunt more than the aliens. I don\'t really like the set but I like your review.'], [-1, "I already don't liked the aliens, but if the fighter was better I would already bought him. Now I will maybe buy one of it just for the 2 limegreen pieces."], [1, 'I rated this poor due to the fact the set is unimaginative (looks like a bunch of plates where thrown together) and it just isn\'t worth the money LEGO is asking for it, IMO. I\'ve never been a fan of the non-articulated "jellies" so I\'ll leave my disgust for them out of this post. However, unlike the set, the review is a fine work of art that clearly depicts the goods and provides valuable insight/opinions about the set\'s playability, usefulness, and overall value.'], [-1, 'Impluse sets are made good by using parts well and minifigs. This has either. I give a low score. I really dislike the alien figs. Worst Lego fig ever.'], [1, 'Sets we miss include minfig sets like this one?€? Theme: Space Set Name: Space Mini-figs Set Number: 6703 Number of Pieces: 30 Figures: 6 Released: 1988 List Price: ? (unknown) 6703 Peeron.com 6703 Bricklink Catalog Lets begin by admiring the outside of the box. Wow 6 figs and all equipped, I was four more of these. We don?€™t get instructions so the back show how to put the figs together. Now for the men themselves. The complete line up, of all six figs, it seems strange half are in black. A closer look at our four Futrons. A look at the Blacktrons looking like nice guys with their visors raised. Time for a closer look at the range of tool these good men received from the Lego Company. Yep one accessory per person. The question is what could you do with this set, I mean it?€™s just spacemen in a line? Do you see the man who mugged you ma?€™am?. A good set from an age when we could look forward to every few years a new set of minfigs and just a box of them The Rating System Figures: 10/10 (An excellent selection for the time) Parts 4/10 (Good accessories but nothing else.) Fun Fun Fun 7/10 (I can see lots of opportunity for fun with this set..) Design 8/10 (Well it?€™s not really designed much but it?€™s a great idea.) Price ?/10 (Unknown at this time though mine was from Woolworths!) Grand Total 29/40 (A good mark for a great set.) Conclusion. Until the Castle Battle Packs came out this year we?€™ve been suffering from a lack of minfig based sets, and from this review I think you can see why. For many of us and I include myself here Lego minifig are one of the best parts of the hobby and sets like these allowed you to build up a much larger number of figs. Lego did well with this set a nice range of figure and also a good selection of accessor'], [1, 'You you got it mint in sealed box? It indeed is a nice set. I am not into Space, but nevertheless this set is a good addition if you need to get your space environment a little bit more crowded. LEGO however is planning to release a minifig set again next year (city) and of course the advent calendars are also quite nice to get some figs with accessories.'], [1, "Cardinal Brick, on Aug 30 2008, 06:23 PM, said: The question is what could you do with this set, I mean it’s just spacemen in a line? What could you do? The possibilities are endless!! 1. You can stand them in a line 2. Stand them in a circle 3. Stand them in a square 4. Sit them all down 5. Sit some of them down and leave some standing up (adult supervision may be necessary for TFOLs attempting this one) 6. Take them all apart and scatter the pieces like some kind of huge space mine has gone off 7. Yeah, Ok. That's probably enough for now Seriously, I love all the sets of minifigs from all the different themes and this is a great one. I always wanted them when I was a kid but never did. My focus always was on Town sets (petrol stations and police sets please stand up) and there was never enough pocket money left over for space. Sigh! You are so lucky to have this great set! Thanks for sharing Cheers Rog"], [1, "Thanks for the review! The latter space mini-fig sets were great as they gave a nice variety of men. I'd love this one..."], [1, 'Fantastic review! This is one of the classic minifigs pack which is so great for gathering massive number of minifigs. I miss those days where they sell 5 minifigs together in a set. Thanks for this lovely review.'], [1, 'Nice set, lucky you! The only reason I buy the MM impulse sets is lack of good space minifig packs like this nowadays ...'], [1, '7670: Hailfire Tank and Spider Droid Number of Pieces: 249 Number of Minifigs: 4 Price: 19.99 USD/ 25.99 EUR/ 19.99 GBP Brickset Hello everyone, today I will review the extremely underrated Hailfire Tank and Spider Droid set. I hope this review does it justice. So, let\'s start with the box: NOTE: This picture is not mine. Standard box for Star Wars in that time. The background on the box looks like it\'s from Geonosis, indicating that this set is from Episode II, and not III or the Clone Wars. The back of the box (not shown) shows the playability functions and some other sets that were released at the same time as this. Overview Here is an overview of the whole set. It comes with one construction manual and no sticker sheets ( ). This is a very simple set, but with not much to it, it is still a very important part of the CIS army, especially if you are interested in army building. I like to call this set a "super battle pack", and you\'ll find out why soon. Let\'s get right to it, and look at the feature of the set: the Hailfire Tank. Front A front view of the very cool tank. Here you can see two triangular shields on the hull. The main body is very simple, but altogether very effective and clever, and making it really look like a hailfire tank, although a little bit sized down from it\'s movie version. The trans-red stud used as the "eye" makes the tank look more menacing. Side The side view. The wheels are very easy to make, but it\'s a real pain to connect all of those chain links together. I don\'t see what you could use the links for, except for another tank, but maybe someone creative will find something for these. The dark tan is nice though. The wheels are held on by Technic poles, and the tank rolls on the wheels fairly well on carpet or a hard surface. Back This is the back of the tank. Here you can see eight flick-fire missiles (four on each side) of the new type, so they don\'t easily fall out. Also note the modified 2x2 with extended hole piece sticking out of the back. This may be used to easily push around the tank. I just wish you could fit a droid in the body for the cockpit... Now we move on to the Spider Droid, or what I like to call "The Dwarf Spider": The front. This one is also simple, but very cleverly built. The main body is two semi-spheres connected together for rotation, and an antenna, a cannon, four legs, and eyes made out of a useful telephone piece. The picture speaks for itself as far as how the gun and eyes are built. Side A side view. You can now see the legs better, which are more sturdy then you would think. Each one is made out of two pearl bronze Exo-force robot arms, a useful bley handgun piece, and a dark bley battle droid body, all connected to the under body (a big knob-like piece). Back The back. Not much to say here. I like this spider droid because it is very sturdy, and the legs are easy to adjust. Finally, we look at the minifigs: There are four minifigs in this set, which is quite generous for a set of this size. It comes with a yellow battle droid commander (I really like this one), two battle droids, and a super battle droid. All three battle droids have the new blaster pistols and one twisted arm. That\'s about it for the review, so here is the FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, Very fun and easy, besides the chain links. Should take the seasoned builder less than 20 minutes. Playability: 7/10, the flick-fire missiles are fun, as well as just zooming around the tank. Could use some clones for a battle. Swooshability: 8/10, you can roll around the hailfire fairly well. Minifigs: 9/10, a generous amount of figs, and all are pretty good. Design: 9.5/10, a really simple and clever set, although a little too small for the movie version. Price: 10/10, a very fair price considering the price-per-parts ratio and the coolness of the set. Overall Score: 8.5/10, a very neat set to have, a great army builder, and great for display next to all of the other CIS sets. The price is fair, the figs are good, and the build is very clever. That\'s all for now, folks. Please feel free to give some feedback! Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 03:08 AM.'], [-1, "Thanks for sharing this review with us. I think this one of the sets. In Europe this thing is waaaay overpriced and thus makes it a crappy set. We pay nearly double the US price. So I rated it poor. Also because the figs included does not make it great. The Hailfire is well designed and looks great, but that's just about all there is worthy of a positive mentioning. Sorry. [on a side note: As a bronze-awarded student, where's the price in EUR and GBP? And where's the poll?] [Nevermind the poll, I've added that one for you ]"], [-1, "KimT, on Aug 30 2008, 04:21 PM, said: Thanks for sharing this review with us. I think this one of the sets. In Europe this thing is waaaay overpriced and thus makes it a crappy set. We pay nearly double the US price. So I rated it poor. Also because the figs included does not make it great. The Hailfire is well designed and looks great, but that's just about all there is worthy of a positive mentioning. Sorry. [on a side note: As a bronze-awarded student, where's the price in EUR and GBP? And where's the poll?] [Nevermind the poll, I've added that one for you ] Oh yes, I will add the other prices, and I was going to make a poll for it (I made one for the Homing Spider review), but you beat me to it. Thanks!"], [-1, "JimButcher, on Aug 30 2008, 10:25 PM, said: Oh yes, I will add the other prices, and I was going to make a poll for it (I made one for the Homing Spider review), but you beat me to it. Thanks! That's my job, I'm a moderator"], [1, 'Thanks for the review, JimButcher. I really like that set. It combines interesting and good design with some awesome cool parts and a neat amount of charm.'], [1, "Great review. I agree that this set is underrated. The Hailfire is supposed to be a little taller than two battle droids, so scale-wise it's nice. The dwarf spider droid is amazing in my opinion. I just wish it wasn't brown, it makes me feel like it's on Geonosis. We never saw a grey varient of the Hailfire, so it's fine with me that it's brown."], [1, 'This is a great set, I have 2 of them now, and I plan to get more. It is much better than the droid battle pack. For 10 bucks more, you get better battle droid arms and some canon "vehicles", good enough for me.'], [-1, 'Thanks for the review. Is a great one. This set is not really a good set but i like the Spider Droid. The Hailfire Droid scale is not right, i think it is suppose to be even bigger. anyway, this is the first set that re-release the Commander Droid. So i grab it.'], [1, 'Thanks for the cool review JimButcher . Actually, I really like this set, it is small but very clever and even if the hailfire droid is undersized, what in the whole line is not under or oversized . The new spider droid is the best small build I have ever done in a set and the droid commander is pretty cool . I am happy with the set and I will get another with my comic-con exclusive .'], [0, 'This is a must have set for AOTC fans and I really love the hailfire droid but it costs like $80 or more now that its discontinued.'], [1, '7681: Homing Spider Droid (LIMITED EDITION) Number of Pieces: 206 Number of minifigs: 5 Price: 34.99 USD/ 29.99 EUR/ 19.99 GBP Theme: Star Wars: Episode II Year Released: 2008 Brickset Folder Bricklink Catalog Welcome to my sixth review on these boards, of the mighty Homing Spider Droid. At first glance, this ball on legs may not seem like much, but hopefully this review will change your mind. The box. This box is the standard for all of the new Clone Wars sets: sleek, shiny, and a right-out-of-the-factory look. The blue-and-white color scheme is fantastic, and portrays that the sets are based off of a cartoon well. This box has a "LIMITED EDITION" (in Spanish, too! ) seal slapped on the front, although you won\'t have trouble finding this in your local Toys "R" Us, because of the big Clone Wars display in the front of the store that you can\'t miss. Overview In this picture, you can see the contents of the whole set (minus the instruction booklet) built. You can spot five minifigures (which I\'ll get to later), and a very tall CIS weapon, known as the Homing Spider Droid. This weapon of destruction is a must-have for your CIS army, although the color scheme (mostly dark bley and light bley) is a change up from the regular colors (brown or blue) of the CIS. This may have something to do with the blended armies of the Trade Federation and Corporate Alliance, but I don\'t know for sure. The instruction manual is very thin, only about twenty pages. Homing Spider Droid This is the main part of the set. Four huge legs, two mounted guns, and a red sensor eye are the highlights of this artillery unit. There\'s not many playability factors to this one, but sometimes its just fun to squash the little clones, a change-up of the contrary. It also looks good next to all of the other CIS sets, but you might want to clear some room in your display area; the legs take up a lot of room! This thing is also massively tall, about the same height as the Republic Cruiser. Main Body This is the main body of the spider, which has no cockpit and is remote controlled. This spherical body (not in that sort of way...) is a very quick build, and features a big, red eye connected by a red stud and hinge. Top Gun Here is the top gun (not with Tom Cruise), which is connected to the body using a clever Technic system (pun not intended). As you can see from this picture, you can see that it can rotate a full 360 degrees, but only if you remove the eye. Also, the gun can be pulled back, and if you let go, it will snap back, like the a gun does when fired, due to the force of the shot. I\'m not sure this was intended by TLG, because it wasn\'t showed anywhere on the box or in the manual. Lower Gun Here is the gun attached to the under body of the main part. It is attached using a hinge, which allows it to move up and down. I also like the cord (that presumably transfers power) included on both guns. Hips Here is one of the hips attaching the legs to the body. There is one on each side, with two legs each. The are attached to the body and legs with Technic pieces. Legs You can see the tall legs in this pic. They are basically just Technic poles and connectors. Feet This is one of the feet, the essential to balancing the whole vehicle. These and the legs are repetitive, so I suggest doing them all at the same time to avoid flipping back in the manual and repeating the process three more times. The picture speaks for itself for the design of the feet. All are connected to the legs using a double-holed Technic piece. One Massive Son of a Gun This thing is so tall! It frightens the skin off of even the toughest, most experienced soldiers. Run for your Lives!! Look at how much havoc and fear it causes! Family Photo Enough of the battle scenes, here is a shot of this spider with it\'s smaller cousin: the Dwarf Spider Droid. Minifigs Finally, here are the minifigs that come with this set. There are five in all, which include: Battle Droid: Nothing special, but still an addition to your army Commander Battle Droid: I love that yellow torso! Super Battle Droid: Again, nothing special Clone Trooper: I\'m glad they gave us one in this set, I can add it to to my other Phase 1 clones. Commander Fox: I love it! Everything from the dark red markings to the accessories are fantastic! The head is just the regular anime style Clone Wars face. This set comes with two flashlights, two antennae, one visor, one pauldron, and one kama. Close-up of Fox Here is a close-up of Fox, so you can see the detailed insignia of the Republic Guard. That wraps it up for the review, here is the FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, very easy and straightforward, a little repetitive with the legs. Should take the seosoned builder around 20 minutes. Playability: 6/10, not many play factors, but it\'s fun to just squash puny clones with this giant arachnid. Swooshability: N/A Minifigs: 10/10, you really can\'t ask for more in this sort of set! Design: 8/10, not very sturdy, but it is altogether clever. Price: 5/10, yes, it is limited edition, but pumping up the price fifteen dollars more than it should be is a little ridiculous. Overall Score: 8.5/10, An excellent set for display, although not very sturdy. Minifigs are superb, but the price could be better. In the end, I would highly recommend this to any Prequel Trilogy fan looking to build up his/ her army. Well, that\'s about it for this review, Please feel free to leave your opinions! Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 03:09 AM.'], [-1, 'I just bought this set the other day and I must admit that it gets a "Below Average" from me. The price is not corresponding with what you get. Which would be implied, had Jim added the EUR or GBP price in the info[hint hint ] The spider droid is flimsy at best. Making it stand or even move without tumbling over is hard. Also why the brown cylinders on the legs? Keep the colourscheme clean, please. The figs are fine, except that I dislike the clone headgear and the fact that the helmets now have holes in the sides, allowing the flesh head to show within = Goofy looking. I am soo replacing the clone heads with black ones. Great review of an acceptable set'], [1, 'KimT, on Aug 30 2008, 05:27 PM, said: I just bought this set the other day and I must admit that it gets a "Below Average" from me. The price is not corresponding with what you get. Which would be implied, had Jim added the EUR or GBP price in the info[hint hint ] The spider droid is flimsy at best. Making it stand or even move without tumbling over is hard. Also why the brown cylinders on the legs? Keep the colourscheme clean, please. The figs are fine, except that I dislike the clone headgear and the fact that the helmets now have holes in the sides, allowing the flesh head to show within = Goofy looking. I am soo replacing the clone heads with black ones. Great review of an acceptable set Aw, that\'s too bad, KimT. While I must admit it is flimsy, I still love this set. Oh yeah, I added the other prices, thank you.'], [1, "Thank you for that good review, JimButcher. I think that this is really a pretty interesting and original looking set. Maybe it´s not very stable, but it owns some special 'War Of The Worlds' charm for sure..."], [1, "Asuka, on Aug 30 2008, 10:37 PM, said: Thank you for that good review, JimButcher. I think that this is really a pretty interesting and original looking set. Maybe it´s not very stable, but it owns some special 'War Of The Worlds' charm for sure... Yes that's it. I couldn't remember what the spider reminded me of, but that's it."], [1, 'Thanks for the great review JimButcher! This looks like a pretty decent set, I might get this if I find it on discount.'], [1, "I love the look of this set it's the closest to getting a Walking Eye from The Venture Bros. As well as the Droids and Troopers :)"], [0, '"mass-manufactured and designed to withstand extreme amounts of punishment..." It\'s an Iron drone, and it\'s marching on its Sentry! Set data 7711: Sentry Year: 2006 Theme: Exo-Force Subtheme: Robots Pieces: 74 (+4 extra) <- both counting Hinge control stick and its base as two separate pieces Price: Euro 7 circa, MISB, including S/H, on eBay; RRP was Euro 5 circa / 5 USD. Probably 5 UKP. Building time: 20/25 minutes (10 minutes building, the rest of the time placing stickers!) More info: Brickset - Peeron Being 2006 my last dark year, I wasn\'t a big ExoForce fan but they were ok. I tought 2007 models were better, and still think 2008 models are the best. That basically means 1) It\'s a shame that there will be no more of this line and 2) this is my first 2006 model, yet I bought in in July 2008. Ok, let\'s do this one. Box front: box was battered due to Italian Post; they\'ll do their best to give Lego boxes a "war" outlook. Close-up: the Japanese katakana read "tokushu butai" -> special (military) force(s) Box back: amazing alternate model; some like it more than the original design. Box content: a small but capable sticker sheet, two bags and instructions. Sticker sheet: and they\'re numbered! Random instructions page: connecting legs to the body Instructions page - sticker detail: that\'s why they\'re numbered. Instructions page - parts inventory: does anybody check if they\'re all there before building? Surely not me. Loose pieces: nothing rare, I think; small Techinc parts come in different colours, as usual (you often don\'t see them when the model is complete, but sometimes you do) The Iron drone: "strong and durable" (and much better looking than those crappy MM jelly aliens) Building starts. The open cockpit - front and rear view Left leg - front and rear view; right leg is built of the same pieces. Left arm - with laser cannon The cannon - great use of the hollow studs with the "Plant Tree Palm Top" Right arm - with twin missiles Complete model - front view Complete model - side view and rear view Rating and review. Parts and building: nothing new, but both models are O.K. Instead of waiting the last page of the manual, you\'d better put the stickers in place while building. Looking at the box you\'d tell stickers background is (trans) purple. It actually is trans clear (excpet for the yellow and black stripes - warning: hazard!). Try not to put your fingerprints on the sticky side! Consider using tweezers. Posability: both legs and both arms feature three joints; and that\'s good, so that the weight doesn\'t have the Sentry falling down. Final model: smaller compared to 2007 Claw Crusher and 2008 Batlle Arachnoid, but cheaper and surely worth the money. The "minifig" is just another Iron drone, not much to say. Final rating: 3,5/5 Edited by Sinner, 01 September 2008 - 02:22 AM.'], [0, "Thanks for the review. I really do like the first year of EF. Nowadays they mecha are perhaps more cleverly designed, and use ball joints for playability. But I really love the blocky bulky look of the first Drone's machines. And somehow the older ones seem a better value of parts. I'm more inclined to buy duplicates of them than the newer models."], [0, "Thanks for the review. This is one of the few first wave sets that I didn't get. I'm not really sure why as it wasn't too expensive."], [0, 'This is Polar-1, OVER... It\'s day 5 at Arctic Research Base 76. We are experiencing radio difficulties since discovering a number of strange radioactive arctic life forms which seem to be effecting our signal, OVER. We have encountered a large polar bear which by all account appears to be friendly and playful. Our food supply; however, has diminished quickly, and we have to venture North from the base to a frozen lake in search of fish. Our cordinates are currently 46Â°45â?²4â?³N, 741Â°21â?²7â?³W. We do plan to take the snowmobile to the lake after we get our provisions in order. This is Polar-1, OUT. Polar Explorer Bonus Pack Set #: 6569 Theme: Arctic Year Released: 2000 Piece Count: 76 Minifigs: 2 List Price: $10 (USD) In 2000, Lego introduced a new theme called Arctic. It was something completely new and different for Lego as no mini-fig scale sets and/or adventurers had ever ventured to the Arctic. The set offered new orange pieces and combined elements of blue and white pieces to provide a number of sleds, vehicles, a mobile outpost (6520), and even a large polar base (6575). The theme was unfortunately short lived and did not see 2001. This particular set is a "value pack" that combines sets 6578 (Polar Explorer) and 6586 (Polar Scout) at a reasonable price of $10 (USD). I may have even paid a few dollars less at a discount toy store back in the early 2000s. A picture of the "Bonus Pack" with the two sets combined within the box: The backside features an advertisement for the Lego Club and pictures of other Arctic sets: Starting with the smaller set, The Polar Explorer (just a tip of the iceberg ): Instructions Front of Box Back of Box Both sets include the same minifig, an Arctic fig with glasses and a thick arctic coat: Here\'s a shot of the fig with his hood on. I always thought the hood is a nice piece that would work well for Hoth Rebel snow scenes. The set includes a few nice accessories: The set actually creates a small ice/snow formation that can even be placed on water to represent an iceberg: Here\'s a close-up with the blue ice spider: The complete set: Next, the Polar Scout: Front of Box Back of Box The Polar Scout instructions picture the same image as the box: But I really like the real arctic imagery on the backside: The set includes a small sheet of decals: Included are some great arctic accessories: And some interesting arctic creatures, like this neon orange scorpion in a ball of ice: I love the polar bear, a great addition to snow scenes: But the best part of this set is the orange and black sled: The back sled attachment (U-Haul) has some tools and a removable storage cover: The top comes off easy to store tools and equipment: Here\'s the arctic fig with a great metal detector (or other snow research device): And the sled itself: Lastly, a picture of the complete Polar Scout: Final Thoughts: I\'m a little disappointed that Arctic was a short-lived theme. At the time, I wasn\'t too interested in the Arctic, but I still regret not buying the large Polar Research Base after seeing it at a discounted price. I was able to pick up this set and the Mobile Outpost that I never opened. I\'d be interesting in reading your thoughts in regard to this set and the Arctic Theme.'], [1, "I like the theme very much, but sadly, I don't own any sets of it. It brings such a great feeling, it's fresh and has great parts and sets. And it brought the polar bear! Your review is very good and informative, thanks! (I voted wrong, I meant above average, but I clicked below average )"], [1, "Thank you for that fine review, TheBrickster! I really like how this two small sets create an intense and adventurous atmosphere against the backdrop of a pretty exotic region. The sets´re well designed and very nice with a fine amount of rather unique and well fitting gear. The whole theme offers a lot of playability in a set-up that´s a little different to TLC´s standard sceneries for sure. And... it always reminded me of 'Who Goes There?', too..."], [1, 'Hi! Great review on one of my favourite themes! I never realized how cool it was until just now, when you did your review. Anyways, I remember my one set of the arctict expedition, The Arctic Expedition pack'], [-1, 'A nice set review. As for the theme itself, I though it was a very interesting theme. Sadly I don’t think Lego put enough effort into it, I was personally upset not to se a second year even if I didn’t buy any of the sets. It reminds me of the artic theme Playmobil did at one point in the distant past to be honest. I think a number of good artic scenes were missed, when it came out a really wanted to get a ski plane but it never came, I built it myself in the end but I don’t know how Lego missed that one. On a slightly random note I do know that at least one Lego minifig did make it all the way to the real artic with a research team, sadly I don’t have any pictures to offer you.'], [1, "A very nice review! I really miss the Arctic theme. I didn't own any of the sets, but after looking at the pictures in this review and reading the instructions on Brickleys words and Brickfactory, I want them."], [0, "I find it amusing that the numbers on the decal (for the flag) were chosen so that it wouldn't look stupid if you put it on upside-down by accident."], [0, '46Â°45â?²4â?³N, 741Â°21â?²7â?³W??? Those are some wierd coordinates.'], [1, 'Nice review Brickster! The Arctic theme is very nice. The minifigs have a great look to them especially with the hoods. The colors for the Arctic sets I have always liked, and somehow the idea of minifigs exploring the arctic is fun to me.'], [1, 'Thank you very much for this review, TheBrickster! I voted both times for Outstanding because: I really the Arctic theme. I only bought the ice sailor but otherwise no sets because of money and place reasons and because I already collect four themes (City, older Castle, Western and Star Wars Old Triology). But a comeback of the Arctic theme - perhaps as addition to a winter sports and winter rescue theme would be very welcome! I really all sets - the little and the big ones. In my opinion they all were very well designed (not too big vehicles, not too little and not minimalitic, great minifigs and very nice and lovely details and accessory). Klaus-Dieter'], [1, 'Thanks very much for this great review TheBrickster! I love the Arctic sub-theme, but unfortunately i never got my hands on any of the sets, since this theme had its time during my dark ages. This one is a really neat little set with a great amount of accesoires, especially these snow shoes and the backpack which i love'], [1, 'Great review, I hope TLC does another. I rember reading a book once based on the theme which stated the scorpions and thespiders and such were aliens .'], [0, "Wasn't there some years back a film based on aliens in the arctic? Can't remember the name and i think it was really old, but there certainly was going on something with strange creatures and a polar base"], [0, "On this, the first anniversary of the news organization that has become so near and dear to your hearts, EB News is pleased to present a very special feature that we've only added recently: The EB News Review! This is really our third such extravaganza, but the first one to actually be done right, so it's my great honour to welcome all of you to this event. I'm your hostess with the mostest, er, host, ImperialShadows, getting in the way and generally causing mayhem will be Staudie, of course, and actually presenting the review will be cub reporter and senior reviewer, WhiteFang! Yes, the ever popular WhiteFang of the Reviewer's Academy. You know him, you love him, let's hear some applause! *audience cheers wildly* Oh, that's too kind, now how about some for WhiteFang? Name: Airplane Mechanic Theme: LEGO System / Town / City Year: 2006 Pieces: 26 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD$3.50 The featured set will be a 7901 Airplane Mechanic. This is the smallest set ever released in the CITY sub theme, Airport. We will be bringing you to on site experience in the hanger. Today our special guest is a mechanic who is specially trained to handle with jet engine turbines. *Camera Rolls* Aren't our pose look so cool? Staudie, your clothes are still white. Let's just all try to smile until this picture is done. Look at our special guest. He can still smile in that weird position of his. Quiet you! *Interviewing process* I am the airplane mechanic, holding a grade 2 license. My specialisation is to maintain and repair jet turbines of 7893 and 7894 Passenger Planes. We have many mechanics, 24/7, across international airports, making sure that the planes are in safe condition. We are able to maintain from Rolls Royce, Pratt & Whitney and General Electric engines as well. This is the trolley to push the turbine engine around. This model is used for Passenger Planes 7893 and 7894 series. Look at the size of the turbine. It required actually 4 engine turbines like this, to power a 7893 Passenger Plane aircraft. I have all these nice essential tools, to work on that engine behind me. There is a wrench, hammer, oilcan, open end wrench, power drill and screwdriver. *Whistles Innocently* Geez, he thought no one would notice him pushing the engine away? *Testing process* As you can see, the crane is firm and sturdy. It is able to lift the engine at a certain height. Hey get off there! For goodness sake, this is not a rodeo. Yee-Ha! WhiteFang must fixed his loose wires. I knew we shouldn't let him read those Superman comics on break. Give a man a cape, and he thinks he can fly. *the audience laughs* What's so funny? It's dangerous to stand at that position. Staudie, are you done with your measuring yet? Almost there. *Clang Bang Clank* Oof! Get this thing off me! I'll push, you pull! Let's get moving! *CLANG* I think I sprained my pride. No, wait, it's my back. I gave up my pride when I took over this news organization. *Shadows flips the engine, crushing WhiteFang* Get that hook off my head... Guess, we are heading for a commerical break at the moment. Wait up, let me pull the white curtain. That's all, everyone. With me, Staudie bringing the end of the show. ImperialShadows and WhiteFang are currently in the LEGOLAND Hospital where WhiteFang is getting patched up and Shadows is flirting with the nurses, mostly. I really hope you loved this interactive review brought to you by EB News Reviews. Overall, we felt that this was a very good impulse set with a wide range of mechanical tools and an extra turbine to play with. Therefore, we recommend you to get it since it's very affordable. Anyway, every airport need mechanics/engineers to maintain the aircrafts to make sure it's certified to fly. This is too formal. I hate reading it from WhiteFang's script. It's best to do it in Staudie's style. Yo yo yo, whazzup? Er. No, that isn't it either. Um... Thanks for viewing! I hope to bring you another exciting and information review soon, here on EB News Reviews! *Camera Fades*"], [1, "It's amazing! It's stupendous! It's almost like WhiteFang is a reviewer with previous experience! It's almost like I wrote all of Shadow's lines! It's almost like Staudie is being as annoying as ever. Oh wait, that's all true! Great review of a neat little set. I used mine as the air conditioning unit on the roof of my Chinese restaurant. Then some dork told me it didn't look believable or something. I liked it. Um... so. Great review! Thanks for presenting it! I give you a And, let's just take a moment to get sentimental. A year ago, today, Staudie had a lame idea: Interview the members of EB. He flailed around with it for a few interviews, including the infamous one where Hinck attention whored Sinner into a corner and Sinner were featured, reprising their roles from the Whacker and the Walrus. It was quite memorable, but then, a short time later, someone new joined the team, bringing it to a new level of polish and bad jokes. Still, this tribute isn't dedicated to that genius of the written word, nay, it's dedicated to the whole staff, including the new guy who is still a secret so don't bother asking, I'm not telling! Ha! I salute you, EB News, it's been a damn fine year! I hope I can survive another."], [1, "Great review, Whitefang and Co.! A thoroughly enjoyable one, I'm glad we have a series of reviews that you can expect to be packed with humour and craziness. Looking forward to the next! ~Peace"], [0, 'It can NEVER be a happy ending for Stuadie! So why did you give him one? Nice review'], [0, "ImperialShadows, on Sep 1 2008, 06:57 PM, said: It's amazing! It's stupendous! It's almost like WhiteFang is a reviewer with previous experience! It's almost like I wrote all of Shadow's lines! It's almost like Staudie is being as annoying as ever. Oh wait, that's all true! Great review of a neat little set. I used mine as the air conditioning unit on the roof of my Chinese restaurant. Then some dork told me it didn't look believable or something. I liked it. Um... so. Great review! Thanks for presenting it! I give you a That amazing x factor is supposed to be the magical touch of EB News Team! Glad to see it falling in place! Oh, I want to take a look on how you have make use of a jet turbine engine turning it into an air conditioner unit. ImperialShadows, on Sep 1 2008, 06:57 PM, said: And, let's just take a moment to get sentimental. A year ago, today, Staudie had a lame idea: Interview the members of EB. He flailed around with it for a few interviews, including the infamous one where Hinck attention whored Sinner into a corner and Sinner were featured, reprising their roles from the Whacker and the Walrus. It was quite memorable, but then, a short time later, someone new joined the team, bringing it to a new level of polish and bad jokes. Still, this tribute isn't dedicated to that genius of the written word, nay, it's dedicated to the whole staff, including the new guy who is still a secret so don't bother asking, I'm not telling! Ha! I salute you, EB News, it's been a damn fine year! That is some fine history from the EB News. I wonder how Staudie can keep up with his sanity, asking questions around. I am so happy to be part of the team. Happy EB News 1 year Anniversary! ImperialShadows, on Sep 1 2008, 06:57 PM, said: I hope I can survive another. Minus away the earlier mishaps, I am sure you are able to survive another year. iamded, on Sep 1 2008, 07:13 PM, said: Great review, Whitefang and Co.! A thoroughly enjoyable one, I'm glad we have a series of reviews that you can expect to be packed with humour and craziness. Looking forward to the next! Be sure to watch out for the next one. Well, I have not planned for the next one though. Adam, on Sep 2 2008, 06:08 AM, said: It can NEVER be a happy ending for Stuadie! So why did you give him one? Nice review Give Staudie a break! He deserved to have some good treatment at times! You had spelt Staudie's name wrongly. Geez, I am sure he will be driving the quad bike ramming towards you."], [1, "WhiteFang, on Sep 2 2008, 12:36 AM, said: I am so happy to be part of the team. Happy EB News 1 year Anniversary! Well look at that... you've been blogged."], [1, "2872 Witch and Fireplace Review Theme: Fright Knights Parts: 18 Figs: 1 Price: Unknown (BrickLink $5.00+) Year: 1997 Brickset Peeron Brickshelf Bricklink Ever wanted to turn into a animal, wanted to curse your enemy or just wanted to be rich beyond your wildest dreams. You should go visit the Witch and her Fireplace. She can brew you up a potion for any occasion or purpose. So head down to see the Witch right now. Although this set is from the Fright Knights theme it can easily fit in with any other castle theme due to the lack of specialised Fright Knight parts and printings. The set comes with no astounding parts but looks like the source for our good magician impulse set from the current castle theme. I think I got this as a promo set. Official Pic. The box art for the set has the standard Fright Knight background and lego system logo followed by the set number. Down the left hand side of the box a cat is attempting a head stand. Also I think this box display the contents of the set in an attractive set up as usual. 1. The whole set minifigs and all Here is the witch. On the torso there is a spider amulet which is a little hard to make out due to the low res of the image. The Witches wand is the same as the Bellville fairy wands except in trans red like a lightsaber blade although it is completely useful as a lightsaber. As you have probably noticed the witch has no legs instead she has a slope brick with the dress pattern printed on witch (get it witch-which) looks better than Asajj Ventress' from the new clone wars sets in my opinon. (for this anyway) The Fairysaber (new word) duel. This is the old run down fireplace of the Witch. At the base there are two smouldering coals instead of fire witch (it's not funny any more is it?) doesn't make that much sense seeming as it is a fireplace. The little triangular brick on top doesn't really do anything I also accidentally put the wrong one on while building, it should be a sloping brick. Here are the coals. The old trans orange studs are less translucent than the new ones. I like how they have places them above the main baseplate on a 1x2 plate so they are in line with the rest of the fire place other wise it would look wrong. Here is everything else I haven't covered yet, the crystal ball, the pets and the magical potion vial. The crystal ball is identical to the one included with the Good Wizard impulse form the current castle theme. I like the molds for the cat and the bat although if the cat had some yellow printing for the eyes like the white cat had black for the eyes it would be much better. I think the trans green tube things are a little uncommon but I'm not worried about that. 2. Overall Build: 6/10 Extremely puzzling and difficult do not attempt alone . It's pretty simple but seeming as it has a load of stuff you can move around it is good. Minifigs: 9/10 I really like the witch and it couldn't have really come with anyone else also it came with the wand which is really good too. Design: 8/10 It should have come with some fire and maybe some more orange bricks to put at the base. Parts: 8/10 The minifigure isn't bad nor are the animals or the trans green part. Price: 10/10 I am guessing this was pretty good. Seeming as I think I got this as a promo I gave it 10 because it was free. Playability: 7/10 As wth all impulse sets there isn't much here but at least it comes with some animals to have a fight with or give the witch rabies. Overall: 8/10 If it came with some more stuff for the fire place and the cat was more detailed it would have scored higher but because this set can easily be intergrated with other castle sets it got a mighty 8. 3. Mini comic ! Hocus pocus magic shocus turn my pets into dinosaurs (not to catchy is it?) *Poof* Oh know I think I might drink my magical potion glug glug glug Oh! my"], [1, "Thank you very much for this review, Skipper 24! I voted for Outstanding since this set is a little but very lovely set. I really it (although I don't own it yet ) since it's very similar to today's Impulse sets: a minifig and some nice additional stuff. And I like the black cat which gives the set a more gloomy atmosphere. Hopefully TLG will include a black cat and a chimney like in this set in the new advent calendar, too. Klaus-Dieter"], [1, 'I chose above average. It has a great minifigure.... I wish I had it....someday I will!'], [0, "You already know how I feel about the review. As for the set, I'm not entirely sure. It's a fine witch, but you've already gotten her in the Witch's Windship and a few other sets. I vote average on this. A good minifig (though one does not have the need for more than one witch) and some fine additional parts."], [0, "This is a very good review, no doubt about it. About this set, this is a cheap way to buy this set with a witch and some nifty accessories such as the black cat. In fact, I think this is the first time I had ever seen a black cat. It's simple, but not very useful in my collection. Because other Fright Knight sets also offer the witches too. I don't need many witches. Overall, I feel that this is an average set."], [1, "Yay, another Fright Knights review! Odd comic at the end. Skipper 24, on Sep 1 2008, 07:05 PM, said: Ever wanted to turn into a animal, wanted to curse your enemy or just wanted to be rich beyond your wildest dreams. You should go visit the Witch and her Fireplace. She can brew you up a potion for any occasion or purpose. So head down to see the Witch right now. Sounds like a song or nursery rhyme, somehow. Anyway, to the review, it is a great review, such a small set but you've summed it up well. This is one of the few unpromo Fright Knight sets I didn't get, sadly. Not 'sadly' because of Willa the Witch, I have about four of her, but the special cat, and the other bits (one can never have too many Lego bats). I voted the set outstanding, I think it is for its size. KimT, on Sep 1 2008, 08:16 PM, said: You already know how I feel about the review. Good or bad feelings? Edited by Shoc, 02 September 2008 - 11:45 AM."], [1, "Thanks for the cool review! As for the set: a witch, a bat and a black cat!!! That's more than enough for such a small set!"], [0, "Thanks for the review Skipper. I've added it to the Review Index"], [1, 'For some strange reason, this is my favorite Lego castle set.'], [0, 'I voted "average" think the Minifig and black cat are great.'], [0, "UsernameMDM, on Sep 29 2008, 10:07 PM, said: For some strange reason, this is my favorite Lego castle set. You're damn right, that is strange Why is this your favourite? Please explain, I'd love to find that out"], [1, "KimT, on Sep 30 2008, 12:55 AM, said: You're damn right, that is strange Why is this your favourite? Please explain, I'd love to find that out Haha! I wish I could. Well, I like small sets, and this is, aside from the Fright Knight's Flying Machine, comes in the smallest Lego box I have seen. I just like the look and story feel of the set. I wish Lego put out more sets like this and the 3075 Ninja Master's Boat."], [0, 'Ok, I see. Actually they still make those small boxes. The Duracell promotionals are released in them.'], [1, "Huzzah! The King has declared a royal tournament pitting the brave knight in his shining armour, against the feared skeleton warrior and his shadow horse. The jousting arena is set up so let the joust begin! 7009 The Final Joust Set Info Set Name: 7009 The Final Joust Theme: Castle Released: 2007 Price: USD 7.99-GBP 5.99-EUR 7.95 Pieces-62 Minifigs: 2 figs 2 horses Price Per Piece: About 13 cents Let the games begin! Box Shots The front has an image of the knight and skeleton jousting with lightning in the background. The Back show the two now fighting with an ax and ball and chain. I don't really like the box image, as I think the background looks too dark. Manual The front has the same picture as on the box. On the back some of the other 2007 castle sets are displayed. This is better than the usual sweepstakes image that we get. The Pieces Nothing really special here. But you at least get a good assortment of weapons. Shields I always like LEGO shields and these are no exception. The patterns are great. Minifigs First the horses. These are great, the knight's horse's coverings are really nice. Now, the minifigs. The knight and skeleton both have nice armor. The torsos are plain black for the skeleton and bley for the knight. The Finished Product In the middle is the jousting barrier which is simple, but serves its purpose. On the left we have the weapon rack which is good. It would have been nice if TLG had included a rack for the skeleton as well though. Extra Parts Only two extra white parts here. You can use them if your knight's horse wants to retire and look like a normal horse again. Oh! That has to hurt! It seems that the skellie has won this round! Poor knight... Brickshelf Folder Now, For The Ratings! Price: 7/10 (Not a very good price per piece ratio, however at least 2 figs and 2 horses are included) Parts: 7/10 (The shields and log bricks are nice, but most of the others are nothing spectacular) Design: 8/10 (Relatively well designed, but a bit boring) Playability: 8/10 (You can joust with it and that's about all) Build: 8/10 (Short and easy) Overall: 38/50 Brickset LEGO S@H Peeron Bricklink Strike! It seems that the horses have rebelled against their riders... Summary This set although not amazing, is still a very solid set. The minifigs are great and so are the horses, but the rest of the set kind of feels like an afterthought. Even with its negative aspects I still recommend it, especially if you are a Castle fan. Thanks, and happy building! P.S. If you want to see how I made this set a bit more fun, check out this Click"], [1, 'Nice review. I can tell that you put some effort into it. The MOC is a nice design. Your reviews are getting better and better!'], [1, 'Outstanding. This is (as many of the new Castle sets) a super set. You get loads of great parts, a horse barding, a black skeleton horse and for a fair price. I just love this set and I\'ve bought quite a few of them to build my army. A "must have" - and your great review serves it well'], [0, 'Indexed. Keep up the good work'], [0, 'Review of 7670 Hailfire Droid and Spider Droid *Updated* Theme: SW Episode II / Clone Wars Parts: 249 (- figs) Figs: 4 Price: £20.00, $20.00, ?‚?25.99 Year: 2008 I think many people were deterred from this set because of the low piece count and a high price for it although it does come with 4 minfigures. 1. Overall set and figs Official box pic. This indicates it is a Geonosis set from the background but it is no different from any other set same old brown separatist ship/s. The whole set. Some red tan droids would have been nice like in the Geonosian fighter set. All the minifigs. The super battle droid body is slightly different to the one in the BP. It looks more grainy and silver. I doubt this has any relevance for it being a geonosis set but I like them better how they were in the BP\'s The Super Battle droid body dwarfing the commander droids body. I think that the new Commander droids body is better than the old one with just the yellow strip even though it is less accurate. New twisted Battle Droid arm, each droid has one of these. I don\'t really like having droids with these new guns I think the older guns suited them much better. 2. Hailfire Droid Hailfire droid by itself. It is certainly smaller than the original. Seeming as this is the main part of the set I was hoping it would be bigger but I don\'t mind it being this small too much. Wheels and rockets can fold outwards and inwards The wheels which spin round two large clear discs and made from loads of these tiny links. This is probably the best way to make the wheels on this small scale. The only other alternatives I can think of are using the tracks from the Wookiee Attack set or catterpilla tracks, both of which wouldn\'t look right. One of the missile pods. These use the new flick-fire missiles which don\'t fall out are an excellent idea. They should have come with the purple cones like on the Magna guards staffs instead of red though because in the film the missiles are purple. One of the new flickfire missiles that don\'t drop out when the model is tilted forward. I don\'t know what the holes in them are for though. The 3 "eyes" are made up of 2 trans red cheese bricks for the sides and 1 trans red stud for the center.You can also see how the missile pods are attached to the side of the body. This is the back of the Hailfire Droid. There is a plate with a hole in, I have found only one purpose for this. The Hailfire Droid is the Commander droids war chariot! What do you use the plate for? 3. Spider Droid The Spider Droid. The design has been greatly improved from the Wookiee attack set. Not only is it more accurate but also more poseable which is useful when setting up battle scenes. The ball joint provides the place to put the antenna which isn\'t long enough but the dome form the old set looks more like the droid form Star wars Episode II. The eyes are made of a telephone piece with 2 trans red studs on. In the original it had orange studs. The eyes can be seen in action 2 pics down. I told you it was a telephone. 1 of 4 identical legs. These are very easy to adjust into what ever position you want and are much better than the originals. But a word of warning never pull them apart as I did they become very loose when put back together so I put some blue tack in the holes. 4.Overall Build: 7/10 A little to repetitive for my liking. Minifigs: 8/10 4 figs for £20 isn\'t too bad plus they come with new guns. Design: 9/10 Both vehicles are very well designed but the hailfire\'s small size let the set down. Parts: 8/10 Comes with lots of useful (maybe not ) Brown track links. Price:7/10 Not too bad with 4 figs and loads of little brown links. Playability: 6/10 Not to much on it\'s own Overall: 7/10 If it came with some clones and tan red droids it would be better. Afetr Jar Jar wiped out a small droid patrold he realized he was being watched Mesa in big dodo this time...'], [0, 'Skipper 24, on Sep 1 2008, 12:21 PM, said: This is the back of the Hailfire Droid. There is a plate with a hole in, I have found only one purpose for this. The Hailfire Droid is the Commander droids war chariot! What do you use the plate for? The plate with the hole in it is for an easy grip when you push it around, I think. Nice review by the way. I think the telephone piece is great, if a little bit over-sized.'], [0, "JimButcher, on Sep 1 2008, 07:53 PM, said: The plate with the hole in it is for an easy grip when you push it around, I think. Nice review by the way. I think the telephone piece is great, if a little bit over-sized. I never thought f that But I guess that's what it is for unless it is for a trailer."], [1, 'This was an exellent review Keep them coming. -Ras-'], [1, "Ras, on Sep 1 2008, 11:13 PM, said: This was an exellent review Keep them coming. -Ras- And I agree. You've gotten super at this reivew stuff. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and views on this set. Personally I love the Hailfire droid and the rest of the set is: meh!"], [1, 'Nice review! Keep up the good-reviewness work!'], [0, 'Added to the index'], [1, '6205: V-Wing Fighter Number of Pieces: 118 Number of Minifigs: 1 Price: 9.99 USD/ 13.99 EUR/ 8.99 GBP Theme: Star Wars/ Episode III Year Released: 2006 Brickset Folder Bricklink Catalog Welcome to this review of the V-Wing Fighter. This will be my eighth review on the boards. Strangely enough, there was another set called the V-Wing Fighter that came out in 1997 for the Space theme. Note that I am missing several small pieces to this set, but they are mostly insignificant to the overall look. The Box This is the standard box type for all 2005-2006 Star Wars sets. I can\'t say that I like it as much as the 2007 or 2008 box types, but it\'ll do. It features a profile view of Darth Vader and silver text. Overview This is the whole set. This ship is meant to protect the Chancellor at all costs. They are usually found in groups of three or four. Front This ship is very sleek, and you\'ll notice that it\'s colors are dark red, light bley, and dark bley with a touch of black. It starts at the nose very narrow, but as the body progresses to the back, it gets wider, like a "V" (hence the name). Back Here is a view of the rear. Note the trans-neon green discs used to represent the boosters. Also notice the dark red R4 astro droid and the hinges used as aromor. Flight All four wings (two on each side) can open up for flight/ attack mode. They can open even farther then the pic shows, but it\'s not an intended function. The wings a great, but it\'s a real pain to position them correctly, and the bottom wings close when you set the ship down. Tail fins This is what the tail fins look like on each side, with two flaps attached to the top and bottom. If you look closely, the tail fins and wings look a little bit like a mini ship themselves, maybe controlled by remote. No, this is not an intended function, either. Guns, side The guns are very simple but very clever, using a double Technic hole piece, two black bars, and two Technic pins. Also note the landing gear. Minifig Finally, here is the minifig: a clone pilot. It has light blue arms and legs, white hands, a helmet with black markings and Republic insignia on it, and a double-sided torso. The front of the torso is great, featuring shoulder straps, armor plating, and a life support system. While this minifig is not altogether accurate to the movie, it has still been one of my favorite Star Wars figs. Back The back of the fig that can double as the front of clone marines. This side features shoulder straps and armor plating. Cockpit Lastly, here is the pilot seated in the cockpit. He fits perfectly, although it is not air-tight. We wouldn\'t want the poor guy to suffocate, now would we? That wraps up the review, here is the FINAL VERDICT: Build: 8/10, a nice, easy, build, and the last of the small SW ships ($10 or less). Playability: 6/10, pretty fun to swoosh around, but that\'s about it. Could use a vulture droid, but that would take away the \'small\' factor. Swooshability: 10/10, very fun and easy to swoosh around endlessly, without fear of it breaking. Minifigs: 9/10, there really is no need to have more, although a Palpy fig would be outstanding. The pilot is a great figure though. Design: 9/10, extremely accurate to the movie, but the cockpit is not airtight. Price: 10/10, you couldn\'t ask for a better deal! Overall Score: 8.6, an excellent set. Unfortunately, this is the last of the small SW ships currently. The fig is great, and the sleek design is accurate. That just about sums it all up, feel free to leave your comments! Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 03:11 AM.'], [1, 'This was a great set for the price. Ten dollars for a cool minifigure and a decent sized ship is great.'], [0, "Yeah this was an ok set. I remember getting a few of these at TRU. The boxes were smashed up and I got some 30 percent off. (Still not as cheap as regular US price ) Some ok bricks and a great minifig. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and opinions on this set I'll rate this set as average. Oh, yeah I've added the review to the index."], [0, "SWMAN, on Sep 1 2008, 05:08 PM, said: This was a great set for the price. Ten dollars for a cool minifigure and a decent sized ship is great. Indeed, it is. KimT, on Sep 3 2008, 01:11 PM, said: Yeah this was an ok set. I remember getting a few of these at TRU. The boxes were smashed up and I got some 30 percent off. (Still not as cheap as regular US price ) Some ok bricks and a great minifig. Thanks for sharing your thoughts and opinions on this set I'll rate this set as average. Oh, yeah I've added the review to the index. Thanks for the index, KimT. By the way, a certain someone recommended that I should change the fig pics, so I did that. Edited by JimButcher, 05 September 2008 - 01:35 AM."], [-1, "Thanks for the review. This set never got me, so I didn't get it! I also don't like the droid-head-only thing and I haven't bought any set like that. I planned to buy this on sale... but it never happend."], [0, "I had a chance to get this set, but I didnt I really wish I did though because I saw it at my cuz's place not to long ago and it's quite nice I wish TLG would do more $20 small sets like this besides BP (although they are nice )"], [1, "Is your knight army feeling short? Do your knights get consistently run over by the skeletons? If so, this is the set for you! 852271 Knights Battle Pack Set Info Set Name: 852271 Knights Battle Pack Theme: Castle Released: 2008 Price: USD 12.99-GBP 6.49-EUR 9.95 Minifigs: 5 It's army building time! Packaging The figs come in a plastic box with a slide out tray. To open, you slide out a tab on the bottom, and pull the tray out. The Weapons One plus of this set is the good weapon selection. You get a whopping 5 shields, a spear, a lance, acrossbow, a pointed lance thing and a lovely chrome sword Minifigures Now the main focus of this set, the figs! One thing that's nice here is that you get a good selection of different knights. The figs are quite nice, with different faces and helmets for almost every one. Minifig Backsides! I really like the archer's quiver. Two sided head The Archer has a scared head on the other side. Brickshelf Folder And now, the ratings! Price: 6/10 (Certainly a bit overpriced. It should have been $10. The Star Wars battle packs have only 1 less fig plus some parts for $5 less) Parts: 8/10 (No bricks, but a nice selection of weapons) Minifigs 9/10 (The figs are great) Overall: 23/30 LEGO S@H Brickset Bricklink Even with a bigger army, the poor knights are no match for modern technology... Summary Even though the pack is a bit overpriced, it is still great for increasing your army's size. I would get this set if you are a Castle fan looking to expand your army, otherwise don't worry if you pass on this set. Thanks, and happy building!"], [1, 'Very good review! I enjoyed reading this. I want to buy these battlepacks. Until now, my country has not re-stocked these battlepacks. I wonder will they ever arrived again. I want to build massive armies with this outstanding battlepack set. Hope it will arrived soon.'], [0, 'Nice review, which reminds me I must order some more of these battle packs at some point. Are you going to also review the skelton battlepack? Also I hope this is a start of a running joke about castle sets being stomped by SW sets'], [1, 'I love this battlepack! I bought two last time I went to Legoland California, and it certainly gave the knights a good variety of new troops. However, I have one complaint, and that is the guy with the lance. I am wondering why he has a lance while fighting on foot. If TLG really wanted to give him a lance, they should have given him a horse.'], [1, 'Great review of a neat way to bulk up your castle guards and their associated weapons and shields. I hope we continue to see sets like this in the future, they have to be a good money maker for TLG and they always please the fans. Francis Marion, on Sep 2 2008, 10:39 AM, said: they should have given him a horse ... with that lovely new barding. Nobody would complain about the price then, even if it was $15.'], [0, "Great set, but with two HUGE cons. - Availabilty: only on S@H? Well, surely not in Italian stores. - Why are the figures already built? Are today's kids SO dumb? Let's go back to those old minifig packs!"], [0, "I've been thinking about buying this. I haven't bought any Castle sets since KK2. Plus I really need that scared face."], [0, "ImperialShadows, on Sep 2 2008, 08:46 AM, said: ... with that lovely new barding. Nobody would complain about the price then, even if it was $15. I sure wouldn't... especially if it was the silver chainmail barding."], [0, "The Cobra, on Sep 2 2008, 11:33 AM, said: - Why are the figures already built? Are today's kids SO dumb? Let's go back to those old minifig packs! Probably to reduce the size/complexity of the package, thus, saving TLC money. I don't see it being a big deal as customization is always an option. Concerning the set: Not much to say other than it does what it's suppose to do: build up one's army of knights. The variance of faces and accessories are great. I especially love the chrome sword. The price isn't bad either since the package comes with five nice figs and some great equipment. Edited by dj2005, 03 September 2008 - 06:46 AM."], [0, "I was going to get this, but when i rang up S&H, apparently they'd sold out already. Price is a little on the steep side as well, and i can only see it going up on sites such as amazon as the number of people wanting them goes up, which it will it it's anything based on the star wars battle packs."], [0, "After reading your review I might buy me one of these. At first I thought it was quite useless, but I must admit that your review kinda changes my mind on this BP. I've added it to the index"], [0, 'How were you able to get three small shields. I only got two in mine. I am going to check the trash just in case.'], [0, 'SWMAN, on Oct 6 2008, 07:27 AM, said: How were you able to get three small shields. I only got two in mine. I am going to check the trash just in case. I think it only comes with two. The extra one probably slipped in from another set. Sorry for any confusion!'], [1, "And another great review from one of our Academy teachers, I always look forward reading them ! I think the Battlepacks for Castle are a great initiative from TLC. I like this one, but also the one with the Skellies, you get some different looking soldiers and a few weapons and shields, so that's cool. The low prices make it so that most people could build a large army/battle if they want to. A big for your review and another for TLC for making these. Edited by zorro3999, 06 October 2008 - 05:40 PM."], [0, 'I think this battle pack is a little expensive, but the minifig ,their heads and weapons and stuff are very very nice! but because of the price, I\'ll rate it " average" ^^'], [1, 'I love this set. I bought one when I went to the Lego Store at Downtown Disney, and went home and bought another online. I love that it gives you a variety of weapons and figures. I like using the Bowl Helmet guy to man my catapults and crossbows.'], [1, "Great review! I still don't plan on getting this set. I want to get more important stuff like the new Medieval Market... Edited by lego12, 07 October 2008 - 12:19 AM."], [0, "It's an ok set, but it's extremely overpriced where I live. I simply couldn't justify paying $17.99 +tax for 5 minifigs. The fact that these figures are featured prominantly in other sets makes this set a difficult purchase. Given the price, I find it hard to look at this set with much enthusiasm."], [-1, "it's way to expansive for what you get, besides you pay more for the package then its containts..."], [-1, 'I like your review on this battle pack. But I think that this battle pack was over priced. $12 for this? I am not paying that much for 5 knights.'], [0, 'Dear all, I found this to be a very usefull army building set. At 2 euro per minifig it is relatively cheap in my book, so i bought 4 battle packs recently. Although, it could be difficult to integrate all of them in your army. Personally, I reshuffled some of the weapons as to integrate them better. But that is a personal preference ofcourse. Kind regards, Teddy'], [-1, "Yeah I have to admit, you expect it to be wayyy cheaper since: A. No packaging to pay for(baggies and such) B. No liscensing fees(like SW) So why isn't this set a better deal than SW battlepack? Don't look at me, look at TLC(he he it rhymed)"], [1, "Today we will be joining Mr. Brickop and his dog Stud on the tough job of being a police officer. Let's join them now! 5612 Police Officer Set Info Set Name: 5612 Police Officer Theme: City Released: 2008 Price: USD 3.49-GBP 1.99-EUR 2.95 Minifigs: 2 Let's Begin! The Box A very nice small square box with the policeman and his dog on the front. And the back which shows the officer running to the scene of the crime, walkie-talkie in hand. Instruction Manual The back of the manual has the 2008 Police sets and impulse sets pictured. It is interesting that the Good Wizard is on here even though I bought this set in the U.S. On this side you see how to build the model in 8 grueling steps... The Parts Not much out of the ordinary here except for the lovely printed road sign. Minifigs Here are the 2 figs, Stud and Mr. Brickop! They make a great team don't they? Extra Parts This set comes with a surprisingly large amount of extras for such a small set. All Built After it's all built, you get a pretty nice set. The road sign looks nice, but it is a bit strange seeing that arm stick so far out. The little equipment rack is pretty nice. Brickshelf Folder The Ratings Price: 8/10 (Decent price, but could be 50 cents cheaper) Parts: 8/10 (Nothing special except for the road sign which is a big plus) Minifigs: 10/10 (You can't wish for more than 2 in an impulse set!) Overall: 26/30 LEGO S@H Brickset Bricklink Mr. Brickop has finally put LEGOland's most notorious criminal behind bars... Summary This is a great impulse set. Having 2 minifigs really sets it above some of the other ones. The set make a great gift, or a good cheap present to yourself. It is great if you need to expand your police force as well. I would definitely recommend it. Thanks, and happy building!"], [1, "I really love these Impulse sets at a low price point for lots of minifigs This Police one doesn't appeal too much to me at the moment, but who knows, with your reference I may need it with a future project! Hmm... It's actually a good way of getting those dogs cheaply"], [0, "I also love the impulse sets, but we have already too many policemen (although I actually bought this one). Our bobby isn't looking very nice is he?! We normally but policemen in a pool or sea with sharks at events like LEGOWorld, so maybe that's because of me Edited by JopieK, 02 September 2008 - 11:00 PM."], [1, 'Good set, but I would have about 4 by now if it came with handcuffs though the roadsign is good.'], [1, "I bought this set for 2,14€ yesterday and I have to admit that for that price i'm veerryy satisfied ! I bought it especially for the dog (my first one) and for the road sign. During the construction (short!) of the set, I was wondering something... Does the speed limit has a signification in every country or some variant exists? In my country (France), the speed limit in town is 50 km/h so I understand the road sign in this set. But in other country, and especially the country were the speed limit is not in km/h, does this set had another road sign?"], [0, 'Not a bad set altough the radar is a little weird looking.'], [1, 'A very nice set, but one of my least wanted impulse sets. I eventually bought it, and looky here, I got an extra doggy!'], [0, "Tanks for the review erdbeereis1 but I don't really need to buy this set since they're are always loads of police sets and it's not as if I need anymore cops, although Stud makes it tempting..."], [0, "Set Name: The Knight Set Number: 5615 Theme: Castle Pieces: 21 Minifigs: 1 Released: 2008 Price: 1.99 EUR, 3.49 USD, 3.49 CDN LegoShop.com Description: A knightly hero!Villains beware, because here comes the Knight! With his shining armor and weapons, he's ready to defend the Castle against any foe. Includes knight minifigure with armor, shield and weapons! Peeron Inventory Bricklink Inventory Brickshelf Gallery Now to the review! The Box The box is fairly standard and illustrates the set well. The Back The back of the box is just an advertisement. The Instructions The instructions are simplistic, basic, and short. The Back of the Instructions The back of the instructions show the other impulse sets, as well as a few others. The Weapon Rack This nifty little weapon rack holds the sword, the shield, as well as a different style helmet and armour plate. The Minifigure The minifigure is of the standard castle variety, with the basic torso and helmet, and a slight scowl on his face. Accessories/Weapons The set comes with a shield, a spear, and a sword.I particularly like the pattern on the shield Different configurations With the extra pieces of equipment I mentioned earlier, itis possible to turn your figure into something totally different... The Entire Set This picture shows the weapon rack and the knight, ready to ward off skeleton invaders! Overall Build: 9/10 The build is simplistic and suitable for all ages. Design: 7/10 There really isnt much to judge in this category... playability: 8/10 With another minifig, plenty of exciting battles can be made! Minifigs: 9/10 With plenty of customisation options, you can turn this one minifig into almost anything. Price: 10/10 This set is well worth the price tag. Overall:43/50 Conclusion I really enjoy these impulse sets. For a casual lego-builder who doesn`t want to invest top dollar in lego, they are perfect, and for the hardcore fan, you could easily buy 5 or 6 of these to boost your army. This is the best impulse set of the first wave and I highly reccomend that you pick this set up soon, before they are all gone Edited by KimT, 08 September 2008 - 08:03 PM."], [1, "Thanks for this fine and elaborate review on the 2nd best impulse set there is. (Yes the Troll Warrior wins by a zillion miles) I've added it to the index"], [1, "Set Name: Crossbow Attack Set Number: 7090 Theme: Castle Pieces: 54 Minifigs: 3 Released: 2007 Price: 5.99USD, 3.99 EUR, 7.99 CDN Legoshop.com description: Ready, aim, fire!It's a battle of brave knights against the evil skeleton rider! Includes 2 knights, skeleton and a skeleton horse! Rolling wagon has a launcher that really fires! Bricklink Inventory Peeron Inventory Brickshelf Gallery Now, On to The Review! The Box As you can see, the front of the box illustrates the set very nicely, showing the skeleton warrior attacking and the knights firing their crossbow. The Back The Back of the box shows a small battle happening between a knight and a skeleton, as well as the main feature of the set, the firing crossbow (more on that later.) The Instructions Not much to say here, its the same as the front of the box. The Back of The Instructions This merely shows pictures of other sets in the castle line. Random Instruction page This set does not use piece callouts to tell you what parts you will need in each step. However, the set is so small you should never have trouble finding a piece. The Minifigures This is the main reason I bought this set. You get two knights, one with a standard helmet, and the other one with a new mold. You also get a skeleton warrior. The Horse The set comes with a skeleton horse that looks great. However, it is a single molded piece that has no articulation. Close-up of the Warrior riding his horse Here you see the brave skeleton riding in on his...ah......er......um......noble steed! The Accessories/Weapons For Minifigure Accessories, you get an axe, a skeleton sword, and a skeleton shield. Extra Pieces I was left with one skeleton arm and one leg when I was finished the build. The Crossbow Wagon and now, to the main part of the set, the crossbow wagon. It is really just a plate with some whells attached and a lot of those cheese wedge pieces to create the track for the projectile. Back View This view shows the mechanism that makes the crossbow fire. It is powered by a rubber band. You pull back on a technic piece, which creates tension in the elastic band. When you let go, the elastic pushes the piece forward, which in turn hits the projectile and makes it fire! It works fairly well, but I would have prefered it fired farther. Entire Set The Skeleton charges at his adversaries! The knights prepare to counterattack! Overall Build: 10/10 The build is simple, easy and quick. Set design: 7/10 The crossbow could have worked a bit better. Playability: 8/10 The crossbow is fun to shoot. Minifigs: 10/10 It doent get much better than this. I love that domed helmet mold! Price: 8/10 The set is very affordable and worth the price. Overall Score:43/50 Conclusion Overall, this is a great set and a solid army builder. You get three minifigures for a fair price and the crossbow wagon adds some much-needed playability. I bought two of these to bolster my army and to stock up on those rare domed helmet pieces. Basically, get this set! Thank you for taking the time to read my review. I hope you liked it!"], [0, 'I agree that this set is worth the price considering the amount of minifigs and even a skeletal horse. It also comes with a lot of blue 1x1 slopes that are always useful and quite rare to obtain. Another weapon for the soldier operating the catapult (or a shield for the other soldier) would have been great, but that is pushing it. The crossbow itself is quite nice and is better than what most $6 sets come with, IMO. Overall, a good set indeed. Thank you for the review and the other review concerning The Knight, of which I hope to buy in the near future as it looks like it comes with a great deal of goodies. The weapon rack is useful, too.'], [1, 'Thanks for the input!'], [0, "I like this set mostly because it has some very usable pieces, but also because of the amount of minifigures in the set, which is a whopping three and one large animal (skeleton horse). The one thing, however, that I don't like about it, is that one of the catapult operators isn't armed. In my opinion, this would have been a good time for TLG to release a suitable dagger piece (not the kitchen knife) for its Castle line. Great review, by the way, it captured the key elements of this fantastic small set."], [0, "Nice review, to start off. You got all the details someone could possibly need, in my opinion at least. I do enjoy this set as well, and I've bought only one to keep my minifigs as unique as possible. Despite my personal preference, I still find this a nice army builder. Good amount of minifigs for the price, as mentioned earlier, with each being different from the other. Though I would like the catapult manager to be armed with at least something, I still feel that he can just flee if he's ever in trouble. He's a good guy to use for the Castle gimmics if you have it. One more small comment. I also love those domed helmets, even if they aren't actually new. My favorite of them all, being followed up by the racer helmet."], [0, 'Nice review . I still thing sets like this are the reason castle has done so well, it allows you to collect a large number of minfig for not very much cash, which I certainly indulged in. My only complaint is that you end up with the evil skeletons out numbered, however heard of the good guys winning with the numbers in their favour.'], [-1, "Cardinal Brick, on Sep 4 2008, 07:47 AM, said: Nice review . I still thing sets like this are the reason castle has done so well, it allows you to collect a large number of minfig for not very much cash, which I certainly indulged in. My only complaint is that you end up with the evil skeletons out numbered, however heard of the good guys winning with the numbers in their favour. I've experienced that problem too. I find my knights outnumber my skellies about 3:1."], [0, "millacol88, on Sep 6 2008, 01:55 AM, said: I've experienced that problem too. I find my knights outnumber my skellies about 3:1. A crownie dies easyer than a skeleton. It's so hard to perforate the lungs or pierce the heart on a skeleton with a spear or crossbow bolt, isn't it? A great set with a reasonable price. Thanks for sharing it with us. Added to the index."], [1, "Dark times in LEGO Castle land... The poor knight is being held prisoner in the skeletons' prison carriage. We must help the brave knight on horseback free him at once. Let's ride! 7092 Skeletons' Prison Carriage Set Info Set Name: 7092 Skeletons' Prison Carriage Theme: Castle Released: 2007 Price: USD 19.99-GBP 14.99-EUR 19.95 Pieces: 193 Minifigs: 5 Animals: 4 Price Per Piece: About 10 cents Review Time! Box shots Our first pic is the front of the box, which shows a dark image of the knight attemping to free the prisoner. And here is the back, showing some features. The Manual The image on the manual is the same as on the box front. Random Manual Shot No piece call-outs, but the color distinction is not a problem. The Parts 193 pieces doesn't seem like a lot, but many of them are quite large. The selection is pretty good. Lots of greys and black. Minifigs With this set comes a whopping 5 minifigs which is amazing for a $20 set. The knights are very nice and one has a double-sided head. The Horses Adding to the already large minifig count are the 4 horses. 3 skeleton horses, and 1 great brown horse for the knight. Extra Parts Now, the finished set! First, we have the brave knight on his brown stallion. The horse's head covering looks very nice. And the knight gets a nice long pointy stick. The main event, the prison carriage! The design of this is excellent. With the bionicle piece and the white horns, it looks very spooky. The Tower This part is one of my favorites. It uses white horns to give it a great creepy look. One problem is that there is barely enough room for the 2 skeletons. The Driver Here you can see the driver and his whip. You can also see the bionicle spine. A side view When you look from the side, you can see the great design of the prison. It is placed on tiles for easy removal and looks great with the round white 1 x 1s on the corners. Horses' Harness This is another very well designed portion of the set. The harness attaches easily to the horses and to the carriage. The Prison Look at the poor imprisoned knight. Let's try to free him! The back of the prison hinges down! The knight is freed! Everything Together All together, the set looks fantastic. The carriage has a great creepy skeleton feel, and getting 9 minifigs is amazing. Brickshelf Folder Ratings Price: 10/10 (193 pieces and 9 figs is fantastic for $20) Parts: 9/10 (Lots of good large pieces) Design: 10/10 (Captures the spooky skeleton look very well) Playability: 8/10 (It's fun to try and free the prisoner and the carriage rolls well) Build: 9/10 (Easy but fun) Minifigs: 10/10 (The sheer amount of figs is great and they look great) Overall: 56/60 The future of LEGO Castle... Summary This is an amazing set for the price. A huge amout of minifigs, combined with a great design and good playabilty makes the set a winner. I would certainly recommend this set to anyone that remotely likes LEGO sets. Thanks, and happy building!"], [1, 'Nice review, it seems that you really covered all aspects of this FANTASTIC set. My favorite part about it is probably the fact that you can give almost every included minifig a mount, except for one poor knight . However, another part I like is that the horse includes a plain saddle, which is a nice relief after the overabundance of the gold-plate barding, which is nice, but overused in the early sets. Also, the SW jokes are hilarious! I particularly the running gag with the walker, but I like this one too. Reason for Edit: I made a mistake due to a loss of internet and an accidental post. Edited by Francis Marion, 03 September 2008 - 03:32 AM.'], [0, "You're really rolling these reviews out, huh? I am not sure how I feel about this set. While it does include five figs, three are skeletons and are generally worth much less than say three trolls/orcs (I know they didn't exist at this point in time so this is understandable). The amount of horses is nice, but I'm not a big LEGO horse fan. What this set does have is a great appearance and brings atmosphere to the table. $20 is an affordable amount for those of us who do not wish to splurge too much on a toy while being enough to actually get a large enough set to create something out of. Personally, I'd rate it in between average and above average. Like another Castle set (I can't remember which), I just feel this one also lacks something."], [0, "I really like this set, and it's probably my next purchase from a store (if I can still find it). There's alot of great pieces (I especially like the spiked thingy on the front), and it makes a great addition for any skeletal army. Above all, I just love the spine-chilling feeling of it. If I were a minifig in a Legoland, I'd be scared out of my pants-piece if I saw a carriage like that rolling towards me in a dark night."], [1, 'Well, indeed looks like a very nice set. Especially the scared knights are very nice ;)'], [1, 'one of the best sets from the new castle theme. we havent seen a carriage in a long long time. and it looks so spooky and sceary! lots of minifigs new skeleton horses (3!) this was the first set i got from the new castle theme!! outstanding!'], [0, 'That’s a nice review, though I do feel the price was a little high but as you said you get so much in it. Last year Argos in the UK reduced it to £7.99, which was a true bargain and sent me all over London looking for a store with more in stock. Again as with all the Lego castle sets I think what makes it work so well is that Lego are now providing a much larger number of minfigs and that’s often what makes a set.'], [1, 'This was one of the first sets I bought from the new Castle theme and I love it. So many figs and awesome skeleton horses in just one set. At the same time you get quite a few usefull black bricks for castle MOCs. Another perfect set in the new world of Castle Review added to the index.'], [1, 'Thanks for the great review! I was going to buy this set this Saturday and after reading this review, I am twice as likely to buy it!'], [1, 'I bought this set to have the scared minifig, but I found a lot of cool pieces and stuffs... I love this set ^^'], [1, "That's a super review Erdbeereis1, as usual and as we can expect from one of the Academy teachers. I gave the set a 4 (above average) because I think there are quite some minifigs included for its price (which is, I think, not that expensive at all) I also like the parts that are included, like the sceleton horses and weapons, wheels,... IMHO this set is a great armybuilder ! BTW: In Belgium I have seen this set being sold for 15,99 Euros."], [1, 'What an amazing review! I actually have this set and I decided to take it apart. It has a brown horse and a lot of useful pieces, so taking it apart was a good idea. Now I have three LEGO horses! Hoorah! The end of the review was the funniest... Lego12'], [-1, "Other than the minis, accessories and animals, this set is 'Meh' at best."], [1, 'I really do love this set. It has 5 figures, which is unheard of for a $20 set. It comes with plenty of weapons and accessories and has a great design. The detail is really well done and for anyone who wants to just buy one set, this set allows for hour of fun just by itself. I already have one of these, and hopefully will be getting a second.'], [0, "This was my first set from the new line, so I'm rather partial to it. I'm glad to see it get such high praise. It's quite the lovely little Halloween-y set. I wonder if TheBrickster could modify this for his WW Grave Stone MOCs? (Hint, hint, hintedy, hint, hint. ) Edited by Pirates Forever, 13 June 2009 - 02:02 AM."], [1, 'My first fantasy era set.. and now I have 5 of them.. really good set..'], [1, 'Yaaaay! This set is outstanding! It was first set I have bought for pieces! Seriously! If you like skellies its mustbuy for you!'], [0, 'This set is alright but it doesnt have that pizzaz feeling you know what I mean. I would prefered a knights carrage realy but the design is ok.'], [1, "I'm a little late in the coming (okay, a lot ), but regardless, I'd applaud you for another fantastic and insightful review, Erdbeereis. Out of all the castle sets, this one remains one of my favorites. I got it for Christmas in 2007, before I intended to spend much money on the new Castle theme (that changed once I managed to get the King's Castle Siege for a very good price). It's really a wonderful set all around - the design accomplishes the spooky undead feel very well, and it contains a good piece selection and a phenomenal amount of minifigs. Seriously, this set is almost unrivaled in modern lego in the final area - I'm still amazed at how many minifigures TLC put in the kit. I also appreciate that the carriage has a far more realistic horse arangement - after all the sillyness of the one-horse pulled siege engines in KK, it's good to finally see a carriage pulled by multiple horses again. All in all, an excellent set, and well worth $20 IMO."], [1, 'Great review! This is my 2nd favorite lego castle set (tied with Skeleton Tower) that I own. My first favorite is Drawbridge Deffense.'], [1, "Great review, Erdbeereis1 this really is a fantasic set. let's hope Lego makes more sets like these (with 5 minifigs+4 horses at a price of $19.99? ) actually, it's about RM200 here. and it's not even price-to-piece count. anyways, amazing review, ad if i could get more Castle sets this year, i might even join the Reviewer's Academy"], [1, 'Great Review Erdbeereis This is a cool set! Pics are Great! Love that shot of the lightsabers! Well done! CommanderFox'], [0, "You say in the review it's great to get 9 minifig's, but there are only 2 minifigs and 3 skeletons??"], [0, "Big Cam, on Nov 20 2009, 10:41 AM, said: You say in the review it's great to get 9 minifig's, but there are only 2 minifigs and 3 skeletons?? He's probably counting the four horses as well."], [0, "Sir Dillon, on Nov 20 2009, 10:07 AM, said: He's probably counting the four horses as well. Oh, since when are hores minifigs?"], [0, "7990 Cement Mixer Theme: Town Released: 2007 Price: 15 USD Pieces: 209 (1 minifigure) Introduction: Need a skyscraper built? A mother-in-law buried? A treasure kept? No problem, here I come ! Only one booklet for instructions without any alternative model: It's divided into two sections for two seperate baggies which the parts come in. Parts come in two big bags: A few big pieces and the stickers are loose in the box. Extra parts and sticker sheet: Dark bluish gray 1x1 round plates are meant to be used as cement. Sticker sheet is neat. A standard worker with helmet: He comes with a shovel. Colour scheme makes it easy to understand the instructions: It's easy for younger Lego enthusiasts to build the model. Building in progress: Chassis of the truck is really sturdy. Drivers seat is on the left: I wish we had a real seat instead of a modified tile. Working drum mechanism: You can turn the cement drum from a handle on the front right. Nice details on the front: Rearview mirrors are great. I love the SNOT front panel too. Control panel on the left: Cement hose hardly fits its place and the hose is too thick. Don't forget the shovel: SNOT technique is used on the back panel as well. Long & wide truck with 8 wheels: I love the 6-stud-wide design of new town series. Cement drum actually works: If you place a couple of 1x1 plates in the drum and turn the handle it pours out the little cement parts! Man at work: All this hard work gave me wrinkles on my face :( Folder when public: Brickshelf Rating: -Figures: 6/10 Nothing special with the figure but what did I expect? At least we have a face expression. -Parts: 6/10 Standart parts for a truck but the big blue drum is new. -Price: 8/10 Very nice and detailed truck for 15 USD. -Design: 9/10 It really does look great, doesn't it? -Building: 8/10 Easy to build and it's fun with a little use of SNOT. -Total: 37/50 It's a must for every town. But other players should find it attractive as well. Conclusion: I occasionally order Town sets but I felt a great urge to build this when I first saw it on Brickshelf. When it was released I ordered it right away. Ten days later I was amazed looking at this beauty by my table. We didn't have a cement mixer for ages and I'm sure every Town builder will have this set. And I have no doubt non-Town enthusiasts, like me, will consider getting this. Links: Brickset Reviews Bricklink Entry Peeron Inventory"], [1, "Thanks for the great review! This is one of my favorite CITY kits from 2007. I think it's a lot better than the cement mixer from the classic town theme - and it has some cool pieces too."], [1, 'I voted outstanding, because i think this is the best cement mixer TLG ever made, also love the 6-stud wide based vehicles, as you mentioned. I both bought and sold it again this year, and i already regret it, but i had to sell some stuff because of a loss of space'], [1, "7040 Dwarves' Mine Defender Theme: Castle Released: 2008 Price: 10 USD Pieces: 73 (3 minifigures) Introduction: Here I am, with one of the newest Castle sets realeased in early 2008. It's a small battle wagon with blades on the front, probably to demolish rocks in mines. But in this case, our hero dwarf has to use his machine against the evil trolls who want to destroy his happy kingdom. There is only one small booklet for instructions, no alternate model: Parts come in two bags, one for small pieces and one for bigger ones: Apart from the lovely figures, the brown parts will be quite useful for any castle builder. Extra parts are not even worth mentioning, there are no stickers: Figures are detailed enough, dwarf is lovely with his beard but his legs won't move because he is short: Figures are the main attraction for adult players. We haven't seen castle army builder sets for a long while and this is closest we've got in recent years. The dwarf is a little taller than it should have been but it's not possible to do so without creating a completely new mould for figures and that would be expensive. Its beard is oversized as well but that gives him a Legoish look which I like a lot. The trolls - that's what everybody calls them but I say they are orcs - are obviously evil but they are friendly enough not to scare our munchkins. But I wish they had different torsos or at least different faces like crownies. There are not enough weapons to arm everyone but the flag pole is really nice: Unlike the Star Wars army builders, this set has very little weaponry. Only one sword and one pike creates scarcity for 3 figures - Star Wars sets had 4 figures for same price! So I hope our middle age warriors don't come across any stormtroopers :) Building in progress: When you pull the chain the catapult fires a round brick: The set has quite good playability, moving blades and firing catapult should be fun for little children. I wouldn't expect more functions for such a small sized model, it hardly covers my hand. The blades move with the front wheel on the right: There is only one little downside, there is too much friction for the wheel and blades won't move synchronized. You may come over this problem by adjusting the blade height and lining them with the wheels. Mow the little buggers! You can adjust the blade height: There isn't enough room for the dwarf: Folder when public: http://www.brickshel...ry.cgi?f=338578 Rating: -Figures: 8/10 Dwarf is amazing, trolls are great too but I wish they had different faces. -Parts: 7/10 Brown slopes are new, rest is ok too. -Price: 7/10 Acceptable but we have seen sets with more figures for less. -Design: 6/10 It looks kind of steampunkish but could be better with a little detail. -Building: 6/10 Not repeating itself, still nothing exciting. -Total: 34/50 Castle fans will definetely order this one but average Lego player may not be interested. Conclusion: Overall, it's a nice set and I'd recommend it if you like the castle theme. You'll find some good use for the figures and this is the cheapest figure set of the year - at 3.33 USD each. It could have more armory and weaponry but otherwise it's quite alright. Skip lunch today and order this little set! Links: Brickset Reviews Bricklink Entry Peeron Inventory"], [1, "Lovely review, really. But the sad fact is we've seen it before, twice. http://www.eurobrick...showtopic=20293"], [1, 'Tacitus, on Sep 4 2008, 09:57 AM, said: Lovely review, really. But the sad fact is we\'ve seen it before, twice. http://www.eurobrick...showtopic=20293 Jeez your comments are getting on my nerves. More than one review per set is allowed here. Thanks for sharing your thoughts on this set with us. A great set now has (another ) great review. I\'ll add it to the index. As soon as the poll on "how the index is to look", is over (phew...long sentence) Oh yeah and I\'ll rate this as above average. I think it needs at least one minifig more than there is.'], [1, 'A great review of a very good set, I must echo KimT though (I seem to be doing it an awful lot) it would be improved by the addition of one more fig to the set, as it’s the same price band as last years catapult.'], [1, "I've skipped a few lunches on behalf of this set. It's a great army builder, but so are many of the new castle sets. What makes this great in my opinion is the figs - 2 orcs and 1 dwarf - what else could one want? Thanks TLG for making this set and thank you for reviewing it for us Review added to the index"], [1, 'Nice review! I just recently purchased it for our future son and had to break into to it to get a first hand account of the merchandise! I am not that big into the castle theme...being a city/town person myself but I must say that this set is awsome!'], [1, 'This set pulled me out of my Dark Ages. Thanks Lego!'], [1, "INDEXED Going through the boards I was amazed to find out that no one ever attempted to review one of the best Lego classics, the 6399 Airport Shuttle. While I was studying for exams a few weeks back I decided to take a break, built the monorail and take some pictures of it. Resulting in the present review. Along with this I made my first ever poll. Here we go: First, some data: Setnumber: 6399 Setname: Airport Shuttle Released in: 1990 in Holland, though Bricklink says 1991 Number of parts: 731 Number of figs: 9 Price: unknown, prices on Bricklink vary from $261 up to $2300 (!) but this was an expensive set even in the nineties The box: Mine is a bit battered by the owner before me, but there's still plenty to see. This is one of the largest boxes I have (look at the minifig in the down-right corner for the comparision) and it is a really neat storing facility for many sets. The box shows the set, and in the background the silhouet of the set that is to accompany this one: the airport from 1990. I like the angle of the box, showing the two stations, track and train in one picture. The back of the box shows some really nice ideas for other setups, why oh why has Lego abandonned this kind of showing what's possible with one set...? Inside flap of the box, showing details of the set and the functions, Detail on the front of the box, displaying the dimensions, it really is a huge track layout for one set! The instructions: there is a nice little booklet showing the same picture as the box art with the figures lined up underneath. The last page nicely folds out to show the entire setup of the tracks, The figures: A brilliant selection of minifigs including airport people and a cook. All figures that are supposed to go on the shuttle carry a ticket and there are also some suitcases (tickets fit inside, of course) Station # 1: The set includes two stations. Here is the first, depicting the airport. There are lots of details: a phonebooth, two seats, some flowers, a map, luggagelockers and of course the streetlights. A detailed shot of the station showing the luggagelockers and ticket-validating machine, Part of the beauty of this set is the fact that it is so extremely detailed, just look at the signs to show where to go next (stickers), and the scenery opposite the street... The station has the same shape as the Airport Shuttle logo, how sweet is that? The station pictured as part of the layout. The stations ends are made with airplane wings to smoothen the arrival of the shuttle. Station # 2: Here is the second station, my personal favorite: An elevated stop with a little snackbar underneath and stairs leading to the platform. Some chairs and streetlights here as well plus two old fashioned trees, The part of the set that can be used in any layout: the snackbar with hamburger sign (sticker). Yes, those hamburgers look tasty indeed! Also notice the lights hanging from the platform overhead and the ticket-validating machine at the bottom of the stairs. Here we have the platform with information panels and seats. Also notice the two trafficlights for the train. Here's how it works: the train will travel in the direction the arrow is pointing. When turning the knob the two grey blocks will move towards or away from the track-center, activating a button on the centerpiece of the train (the motor) which makes the train start it's journey around the track. There is only one speed and the train can only be put to a stop or change direction at stations. The station as part of the layout. The Shuttle: Now on with the train: There are two carrriages connected to a centered motor. the power is provided by means of a batterybox containing a 9v battery. The batterybox is in one of the carriages and displays: Airport Shuttle. A total of five passengers can be seated inside leaving room for their luggage and two drivers. The front carriage with the button for the batterybox showing. The underside showing the gearwheel (metal) that brings the power from the motor onto the geared track. The black pointy things alongside the gear-wheel react with the direction knobs at stations. This is how the shuttle negociates with height differences, everything hinges and rotates, making the shuttle capable of performing steep climbs. The motor is powerful enough to not slow down at such a climb! Detailed shot, showing the first set of covered wheels in hinged position. The shuttle on the layout. The full layout: This layout is quite huge, involving lots of track pieces, ramps, ten large stanchion-poles and the two stations. To show the movement of the shuttle I have made a 20 second movie, which can be seen in My Brickshelf gallery of this set. Conclusion: Well, to conclude the review, some final thoughts: This truly is one of the more detailed sets around (at least from the nineties) and one of the largest in dimensions. The monorail system is cleverly thought out and works excellent. Track extensions are hard to get however and very expensive nowdays (especially the switchpoints and long straight track pieces). The tracks included with this set will provide you with hours of fun though, because there are a lot of them. It can be quite hard to incorporate the monorail in your town without having a clearly-based-on-the-monorail-alone town. I tried to incorporate it some years ago (link here), posing a real challenge. The Ratings: Price: 8/10: this is an expensive set, if you can get it for under $200 get it!), this set is rare in any condition. Parts: 10/10: lots of rare pieces, cool minifigs, 9v system, roadplates, lots of minifigseats en red trainwindows. Originality: 10/10: there are very few monorails released, this one being the only town set. Compatibility: 8/10: can be a bit hard to incorporate in a town, but hey: you got the monorail so no complaining here! Total: 36/40: I can only reccommend this set to anyone, It is my personal favorite set upto this present time! If there are any questions, ask them, all comments are welcome of course!"], [1, 'You chose the perfect set for your first poll, Simon! No question this set is one of the all-time-beauties. I rated outstanding of course. I never hat the chance to get a complete copy of this set, but I do own the engine and quite a bunch of monorail tracks. Your very detailed review made me think of getting the whole set some day. Thank you very much for this! I never realized there were so many details included to this set: The snackbar and the telephone cell and all the other nice things. Really strange for a nineties set which often lacked details. The only thing that comes to my mind right now is that the engine looks quite blocky. If the set was released today, TLC would use more of those parts which make a better design imo. And it would fit better to the curved walls of the stations as well. [wishful thinking]How much would I love to see the monorail system back again! [/wishful thinking] I had to lough when reading your comment on the minifig seats. Don?t you own many of those? I don?t know where to put mine...'], [1, "I got this set last month and I can definitely say that even if you think it is one of the best sets ever, you won't fully appreciate it until you build it yourself. The elevated city station is much more complex than it looks, and the whole set is extremely detailed. The good: - As stated in the review, there's a lot of track, roughly twice as much as the last monorail made, 6991. 5 long straights too! - the designers didn't need to put in the hamburger stand or the ticket readers, but they did and made it even better - Great figure selection; airport workers as well as civilians The bad (if you can call it that in such a great set): - Hard to incorporate into an existing town if using the default track layout. The center loop would be inaccessible to vehicles and the layout is very large. - The monorail needs nearly a full straight section on either side of the city station or it will impact the corner of the station and stall if a curve is too close. - As far as I know the only town set with road plates that doesn't have a wheeled vehicle. A car would have been nice, a bus would have been incredible. But these small things in no way diminish from the fact that this is one of the best sets ever. Edited by Section8, 05 September 2008 - 01:17 PM."], [1, 'This is an outstanding review which deserved to be featured here! After seeing this set, it prompts me to own this set, and match with my 10159 LEGEND City Airport. It\'s very nice to see such outstanding set being reviewed and presented to our very screens. Everything about this set is simply outstanding. I can\'t imagine that such incredible set actually released before. Why don\'t they ever continue with this anymore? Sigh, it\'s nice to see so much detailed from its shuttle, snack bar, stairs, waiting platform, validating machine and etc. This is an instant "5" set! If given a chance to own a MISB set, I will defintely seriously consider about it.'], [1, "Best. Set. Ever. I got my copy years ago from a guy on the old rec.toys.lego newsgroup (anybody here still remember that newsgroup??). I traded him a Guarded Inn, a Black Falcon's Fortress, and a couple other small castle sets for it. No regrets on that trade. It is hard to incorporate a monorail into a town, especially if you have a bunch of trains too! I ended up making my entire monorail system elevated. There's just no easy way to make a monorail / road crossing. I also gave up on having it run in a loop. Instead, it runs back and forth between two endpoints."], [1, 'An excellent review of one of the jewels in the crown of the Lego town range, to answer one of your question I think the lack of people owning this set is one of the reasons that its yet to have a review. Personally I’ve only seen this set in the flesh once in my life when I was a child just before it was withdrawn from sale. It is a lovely set, well made and well produced though I think there is a flaw and that’s when the passages get of the other end of their train ride what picks them up, a bus set for the airport would have been a good addition. Apart from that I can’t really fault it and that fact it comes with three female minifigs is just stellar. As for incorporation, keeping it elevated seems the most sensible suggestion. I’ve always thought it I have it and wanted to integrate the set to a town to use it in the style of the DLR in London, but that’s just a thought.'], [1, 'Yes, this is one of the best town sets ever.'], [1, 'Thanks for that splendid review, Simonwillems! I clicked on "outstanding," of course! I also like those little details, especially the ticket validating machines. You\'re very fortunate to own this wonderful set! I hope you have an airport to go with it. Edit: And bricklink is wrong giving 1991 as the release date. You\'re right; it was 1990. Edited by legotrainfan, 05 September 2008 - 06:57 PM.'], [1, 'Who was the one who rated it "above average"?'], [1, 'Great review of a greater set.'], [1, 'An aweome review of an Outstanding set.'], [1, "Sets like this just don't come around too often do they... I didn't realize exactly how much detail really was in this set. TLC should bring back the monorail! Great review of an amazing classic town set!"], [1, 'Holodoc, on Sep 6 2008, 03:45 AM, said: Who was the one who rated it "above average"? I agreed with you. Who is the person whom rated it above average? It will be best to justify why that person felt this way. ~VBBN~, on Sep 6 2008, 05:11 AM, said: An aweome review of an Outstanding set. Erdbeereis1, on Sep 6 2008, 01:32 PM, said: Great review of an amazing classic town set! Are the both of you doing grading out of the academy, when he is not a student there? I can\'t help it, but to notice that both of you placed thumbs up, and immediately it struck me with that thought.'], [1, "This remains the definitive city set in my eyes. I never managed to get one but from the instructions it seems to be perfect in just about every way. I got the two space monorails a while ago but the much higher prices on this one have kept it out my reach. This set is a lot bigger than either of those though. I always liked the monorail system a bit better than the trains because you could easily incorporate height into the tracks and spread them out in all three dimensions. Quote Edit: And bricklink is wrong giving 1991 as the release date. You're right; it was 1990. It was apparently released in 1990 in Europe and 1991 in North America, going by some US and German catalogs I have from that time period. Edited by CP5670, 06 September 2008 - 06:06 AM."], [0, "Thanks for all the nice comments! Holodoc, on Sep 5 2008, 11:05 AM, said: I had to laugh when reading your comment on the minifig seats. Don?t you own many of those? I don?t know where to put mine... Well, of course I do have quite some seats (a drawer full actually), but this was my first set that had them in black... When I was young however (long time ago, you know ) I always had a short supply of seats, so that's why I noticed and mentioned it.... WhiteFang, on Sep 5 2008, 02:18 PM, said: This is an outstanding review which deserved to be featured here! Thank you for drawing attention to this review through Classictown.net, I have not been a frequent user of the boards lately and the release has mostly passed me by but I must say that it looks like a great site! WhiteFang, on Sep 6 2008, 06:45 AM, said: Are the both of you doing grading out of the academy, when he is not a student there? Indeed I am no student of the academy, I have another academy (university) to attend to, leaving little time to venture around Eurobricks latlely, a shame, I know... I hope my review is in accepted here despite my lack of grades concerning the art form"], [0, 'Thanks for the in depth review of a set miles out of my price range! It was great to see more of this legend than the miniature square in my magazine... God Bless, Nathan'], [0, "Norro, on Sep 6 2008, 09:34 AM, said: Thanks for the in depth review of a set miles out of my price range! I thought it was out of my price range too. Then I realized that I had probably spent enough since coming out of my dark ages to buy a MISB 6399. So I bought it, and I am going to cut back on buying other sets for the next year or so to offset the one big purchase. Those glimpses of the 2009 sets haven't made me regret the cutback. Edited by Section8, 06 September 2008 - 09:07 PM."], [1, 'Just funny that everyone likes this set outstanding. I love this set also and glad I own one. It looks fantastic with trains running underneath it. Good review .'], [1, 'very nice review indeed. B.t.w. a lot of children just love this set. One year we had it with us to LEGOworld and children asked a lot of questions about it.'], [0, "Section8, on Sep 6 2008, 10:06 PM, said: I thought it was out of my price range too. Then I realized that I had probably spent enough since coming out of my dark ages to buy a MISB 6399. So I bought it, and I am going to cut back on buying other sets for the next year or so to offset the one big purchase. Those glimpses of the 2009 sets haven't made me regret the cutback. That must be one of the biggest expenses Lego-like: buying an MISB 6399! Congratulations with the purchase, though it is a lot of money for one set."], [1, '*gasp* BLASPHEMY! Someone voted this set "Below average". *Brings out hunting rifle* Ahem, back on topic; I remember wanting this set badly, for years. And I still want it, just no as much, because it\'s expensive and, as this review proves, takes up a lot of room. I\'ve already got my trains to think about, and I won\'t be getting this set anytime soon. I also have a faint memory of this set being featured in one of LEGO\'s advertisements, more specifically someone narrowly missing it, hitches a ride, races the monorail to the airport and catches the plane. I am yet to find it on the net, as old LEGO adverts are hard to come by, especially the european ones. Now, to more important matters... *starts hunting* Edited by Freddie, 07 September 2008 - 10:03 PM.'], [0, 'I know this is not the advertisement movie, but if you want to see the Airport Shuttle moving click here. Freddie, on Sep 7 2008, 11:02 PM, said: Now, to more important matters... *starts hunting* Now, to more important matters... *helps hunting*'], [1, 'What an amazing set and a truly wonderful review! Thanks Simonwillems for the work you spend on this.'], [1, 'Good Review, who voted this below average??? I own one and managed to pick it up off ebay a few years ago now with the track expansion pack for £150, in very good condition So glad I did, an all time classic'], [-1, "judging from videos i've seen it seems that the monorail does very well on slopes. i wonder why there haven't been more or at least an updated set? i also wonder why the trains can't incorporate some slopes like the monorail."], [1, "INDEXED Name: Refuse Collection Truck Set No.: 6693 Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1987 Pieces: 103 Minifigs: 2 Price: unknown Special parts: 4215ap08 (Yellow Panel 1 x 4 x 3 with Recycling Pattern), just occurs in this set (2x). 4598 (Red Bracket 2 x 3 - 2 x 2), occurs only in this set and only one other set. This truck was introduced in the same year that LEGO came up with the garbage bins that of course also appear in this set. Have you ever wondered why most of the time the streets of LEGO City are so clean and neat? No litter, no garbage everywhere, no chewinggum on the streets. Even with so many different inhabitants, it seems to always stay that way. However, the older AFOLs amongst us, have experienced totally different situations: rubbish everywhere, smelly and dirty looking pavements, minifigs that were losing their standard grin. That is why LEGO came out with this magnificent truck back in 1987. Before that, people needed to put there garbage in bags or maybe barrels. From that year on, every miniman and miniwoman is happily using a trash bin. The minifig civil servants never seem to become tired and the Garbage truck comes every other day to collect the rubbish and keep the city clean. The secret behind the clean LEGO city and the always happy 'standard grin' of our minifolks are the anti-litter warriors that use their powerful machines and handy tools to just get the job done! So if you don't own a garbage truck, better try to get one, before your standard grins also fade and your streets become as dirty as Naples (where the garbage collectors recently had a strike for quite some time). An overview of the set including instructions (actually one is included in the set). Unfortunately I afraid we don't have any boxes of this set left. Another image of the LEGO items in the set. It shows the truck, two civil servants to perform the waste collection duties, two garbage bins and a broom and shovel. The two chaps that always seem to smile, even when the litter that they collect really stinks. The accessories that accompany the set. A broom and a shovel to help cleaning up in case a dustbin tips over. A very nice feature of the set is that the elevator at the back can be lifted in more or less the same way that real garbage trucks do. As you can see here, the dustbin is emptied through a red 'train window'. (It seems to be that the hinges of my version will need some 'revision'.) Panels inside the back of the truck maximize waste capacity for this 4 stud wide truck. It is nice that the designers added this simple red round brick on a clip. Presumably it should depict cylinders to let the back compartment tip for emptying or otherwise it might be gastanks. Again the complete set. It is very complete set but some additions could make it even more playable: - garbage (e.g. a green flower bottom or some round plates 1 x 1) - a place for the second worker to position himself on, when the trucks needs to drive to the dumpsite or an other street and also vertical bars for that second worker to hold himself by. This is what the truck will look like when dumping the litter at the recycle plant or dump site, the whole back nicely tilts, so that all the litter will fall out of the truck. A view on the back of the truck. Quite a small but yet effective opening. The front of the truck. Only one seat for just the driver, but I personally prefer that to a 6 wide truck that fills the total width of the streets and has problems with corners. Of course set 7991 (The orange garbage truck of last year) is also nice, we also own some of those but we never put them in our LEGO Town since they take too much room and the color scheme of 6693 is also more preferable to us. The two panels with the printed recycling pattern are a bit worn so we might recreate the recycle logo and put it on a sticker some day. Playability: 8/10 (Like I mentioned it is too bad that the set doesn't have any litter [however LEGO also saw that and has put litter in the 6693 set]) Design: 9/10 (a really nice truck with two minifigs and very nice details) Price: -/10 (I was not able to get any price information, at bricklink one can still obtain a 2nd hand one for about 25$.) Overall: 8/10 (a set that should be entitled a 'classic' in the same list as the pizza restaurants, the 7750 and the blacksmith shop) That was all the pictures I was allowed to take since it seems that those brave man still have quite some trash cans to empty. Thanks guys for doing the dirty work so our minifigs stay happy and our streets stay clean! Peeron Lugnet Brickset: Bricklink entries Additional notes on the review: My brother has always been keen on garbage trucks. However when he became aware of this truck it wasn't available in the stores anymore. Newer sets that had the 'recycling theme' we not that good. They didn't have the emptying mechanism. So after our dark ages, one of the first sets we bought, were some of those nice refuse collection trucks. Although the new orange truck has the desired mechanisms and thankfully is a decent garbage truck, we more like 4 wide trucks than 6 studs wide trucks, so for the years to come our LEGO town inhabitants will still be seeing this great truck to control their waste problems."], [0, 'It would be cool to see a review comparing this set with the newer orange garbage truck.'], [1, 'Definitely the best garbage truck ever, the color scheme is great and the design is awesome. Outstanding, without a doubt. I must have it sometime'], [1, "This truck is simply beautiful! It's on my brickset wanted list! I love the colour scheme. Red and yellow are the right choice for this vehicle! The back part of the truck can be opened, so it can discharge the rubbish like real garbage trucks. You've also mentioned that in your review, and I find it a wonderful detail! Thanks for the review, JopieK!"], [0, 'Tenorikuma, on Sep 7 2008, 08:30 AM, said: It would be cool to see a review comparing this set with the newer orange garbage truck. Well I might want to do that, but then in a different way as the railroad maintenance: I will then review the orange one and make comments on it compared to this one.'], [1, "Yeah its very nice along with all the older sets. I've got the Cement Mixer that was released around about the same time as this."], [1, "Thanks for the review. Like many such town sets, I would characterise it as cute. Contrasting it to the new bin lorry, it's nice that this set has two minfigs (more realistic) and two bins. Those bins are a great addition to Lego, although wheelie bins would be nice now (need some kind of 2x2 container you can clip a plate onto as a hinging lid, and clip mini-wheels under the back two studs). Having two minifigs is a superior point for this earlier Lego rendition of a bin lorry. In fact, even though our bins are now emptied by a private company rather than the local council (as was the case up till the mid 90s), and of course for the last two decades there have been wheelie-bins, bin lorries have three guys - the driver and two collectors. However, our bin collectors for sure don't use a broom or shovel! Indeed on occasion they've befouled the street themselves if something goes wrong with hoisting the bin on the mechanism! The shape of the lorry in the set is still quite accurate, pretty good for a four-wide vehicle (I must admit to preferring the newer vehicles)."], [1, "Thanks so much for the great review, I love that truck! I hadn't realized there was a real 4-wide recycle truck out there. I must get it one day to replace this abomination currently doing garbage duty in my town: I think that truck has seven pieces total in it. I do like the blue color though ..."], [1, 'Tenorikuma, on Sep 7 2008, 08:30 AM, said: It would be cool to see a review comparing this set with the newer orange garbage truck. True, woold be good for the people that have few new City sets like me, and your review is good BTW! I own this set however, because it was really cool those days, nowadays all trucks nd cars can do neat things, but that wasnt so back then.'], [1, 'Greetings! Just looking through the review index when I came across this one. I recently acquired this set through ebay which came with a practically perfect box and instructions. I would almost say that no one played with it much as all of the parts were brand new. Anyway, I just wanted to say that this is a great set that was worth the $14.99!'], [1, "Great to find this review of a classic set and it's far better than any yuk set from 1997 OMG what were they thinking ! I prefer the six wide for trucks, but for the 80's it was perfect and even today still holds it's own !"], [1, "Great review, and I love the soft yellow effect to the pics IMO, the most recent garbage truck should've used the same piece for lifting the cans into the big bin instead of the droid arms"], [1, 'I did not see this! Nice review and beautiful truck. I like it!'], [0, '6206: TIE Interceptor Number of Pieces: 212 Number of Minifigs: 1 Price: 19.99 USD/ 17.99 EUR/ Theme: Star Wars: Episode VI Year Released: 2006 Brickset Folder Bricklink Catalog Welcome to my ninth review the boards, today\'s review is the long awaited TIE Interceptor. But does it live up to expectations? Well, let\'s find out. I believe this is the first and only time TLG made this set. So, let\'s begin the review. The box The box is standard for it\'s time, with silver font. The background on the front has some planets and the Death Star II, clarifying that this set is from episode VI. Overview This set comes with the Interceptor model and one fig. The Interceptor has a very sleek, futuristic design, with four wings and a ball-shaped cockpit. The TIE Interceptor is a stealthy, speedy vehicle in the Imperial fleet. It is used for scouting missions, and not meant for attacking due to it\'s weak structure and low arsenal. Front This version of the TIE group is very attractive and cool-looking. It has an aerodynamic shape, giving it looks and speed. While not accurate to the movie\'s grey and black colored TIEs, the blue in place of the grey is just fine, and does not alter the "coolness" of the design. Thankfully, there are no stickers in this set. Cockpit Here you can see the ball-shaped cockpit. Be very, very careful when opening it; it\'s very flimsy and breaks off almost every time. Fortunately, both the windshield and the dish on top are printed, and not stickers. Please don\'t mind the dust. Cockpit Interior This is the inside of the cockpit. It is very roomy, airtight, and one of the few cockpits in SW sets that are this good. It makes up for lack of detail by giving the pilot plenty of room, so you should have no trouble there. It is also very smooth in the back and where the windshield folds down. This is by far the best SW cockpit I have ever seen done by TLG, good job! The only bad thing is the two tan bricks that clash with the rest of the color. Wing attachment This is how the wings are attached to the cockpit on each side. Unfortunately, the design on this part is not so good, and sometimes the wings break off. Plus, this part is very blocky, and there is a big juniorized piece on the base of the wings. Wings Here is what each wing looks like. There are three parts on each wing: a middle and two fins. The wings are very aerodynamic, with a diamond-like design. Note the Imperial insignias and the blue tiles lining the wings. Wing attachments cont\'d Here, again, you see how the middle wing part is attached to the base (juniorized piece), and the fins attached to the base by hinges. The hinges allow the fins to fold in and out a bit, but again, this is very fragile, and the fins often break off. Gun placements This is an example of four guns on the ship, one on the tip of each fin. The guns consist of a tile with a Tenic tunnel hole on the bottom attached to a Technic pin, which is attached to a black bar. A good design altogether. Back Here you see the rear of the cockpit. You can see why the opening mechanism is so flimsy: the whole top and front is connected to the body only by a weak hinge system, as seen in the picture. Also note the small, trans-blue dish and the four trans-red studs. Minifigure Finally, here is the single figure that comes in this set, a TIE Pilot. It is an all black figure, with a life support system decal on the front and a helmet with silver Imperial insignias. An overall good minifig, with a different helmet mold than the Stormtrooper or Shadowtrooper. Well, I suppose that\'s about all, let\'s get to the FINAL VERDICT: Build: 6/10, a little difficult due the flimsiness of the ship, but should only take the average builder no more than 30 minutes. Playability: 7/10, it\'s fun to fly around ( ), but has no real functions. Swooshability: 7/10, you can swoosh it around fairly well, just be careful not to accidentally break it. Minifigs: 8/10, a good fig, although having only one leaves something more to be desired. Design: 4/10, very, very flimsy with the wings, windshield, and fins, but good for display. Price: 7/10: I think it was actually 30 USD when I got it, but I\'m not sure... Overall Score: 6.5, an average set. Very delicate, so much that you can hardly pick it up, but good for display. The minifig is okay, and having no stickers is good. I would recommend this to a hardcore OT fan. That wraps it all up, please vote your opinion on this set in the poll, and I\'ll see you next review! Edited by JimButcher, 15 September 2008 - 03:10 AM.'], [1, 'Nice set, but nicer review! Looks like the set has quite some nice parts.'], [1, "A nice set, my brother used to have this. I wish the pilot's helmet had a little printing on it, looks messed up to me."], [1, 'The Interceptor is my favorite TIE ship so i wish i picked it up. Thanks for the review, i agree about the helmet, needs some silver printing on the mouth piece and the ends'], [1, "Thanks for sharing your thoughts and opinion about this set with us. I've added it to the index. This is one of my favourite Ties and I think TLG did a good job at designing it."], [1, 'Name: Jetport Fire Squad Set No.: 6440 Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1991 Pieces: 84 Minifigs: 2 Price: USD 27.50$ (which equals about EUR 19,26€ and GBP 15,57£) Introduction: One of the sets that especially my cousin likes is this one. One time at the Dutch LEGOWorld event we had three of those there with flashing lights and loud sirens trying to put out the fire that was caused by the crash of again some LEGO aircraft. We never had this set before our drak ages and the sets probably came from ebay or so. In my opinion the newest Airport rescue is nice too but in the conclusion I will make some additional remarks about that. Just imagine what it would be like for your LEGO town if the pilot of one of your smaller planes, just couldn\'t stop before the end of the runway. Here you see the disaster that happened some day in our town: Fortunately all passengers got out safely thanks to our brave fire fighters. This magnificent truck was used to help putting out the fierce fire caused by the aviation gas from the small plane. The set includes two firefighters in distinguishable airport uniforms. In order to be able to safe the passengers and go for a quick intervention, our brave firemen have an axe for each of them, airtanks and a portable fire extinguisher. Here you see the truck on the right side. The large spout on the roof really makes it a remarkable truck. As you can see, behind the red door, there is space for the airtank of our brave firemen, at the right there is also place for the small hand held extinguisher. The left side of the truck has a water hose instead. For a truck from 1991 there is quite some room inside. Actually both firemen fit inside. Unfortunately there is only one seat. At the back there are two clips for the axes. There you can also find the main switch for the light and sound system. As you can see, the red flashing lights, do their job quite well. The sirene is just behind the bar with the flashing lights. The main spout just seems to begin emitting water. The front of the truck. For some reason there are two hidden spouts there as well. What their purpose is seems unclear but they look nice. KimT suggests that it is for foaming the runway and that is a real option of course. This set can be found on: Peeron Lugnet Brickset Bricklink entries Playability: 8/10 (Very nice set, details that are movable and of course the light and sound) Design: 8/10 (nice sets with nice details, but could have even been better: seat for 2nd fireman missing, no oxigen masks and only one airtank) Price: 7/10 (For a light and sound set and two firefighters, the price is reasonable I would say.) Overall: 8/10 (nice sets, some details could even be better, too bad that there is only a five to choose from a sticker when you have more than one truck) Last but not least an overview of the complete set including instructions. "Fire mastered" as the Dutch firefighters will say when they have completed their job. We have also bought the newer airport rescue truck (7891). However we think this 6440 one is much better. The light and sound, all the nice features and the nice details are much better than the new truck. Edited by JopieK, 11 September 2008 - 10:25 AM.'], [0, 'I owned it and loved it when I was young ^^ I really miss it.'], [0, 'A very robust set. The fact that it seats two figs plus has L&S makes it a unique set. I definitely liked the big airport subtheme TLG created in the early 1990s.'], [1, 'JopieK, I enjoyed this review very much! Your first picture, certainly capture the essence of this lovely set. In reality, I am in the Aviation line, especially aviation safety. Therefore, you re-entact the scene very well. To be honest, I have never seen this set before. This AES (Airport Emergency Service) Fire Truck is certainly unbelievable. I love it very much. It\'s a pity I never owned this. This is a set which give me a "5". Great job JopieK. I enjoyed viewing your classic town reviews very much. Keep up the good work!'], [1, 'WhiteFang, on Sep 7 2008, 05:09 PM, said: JopieK, I enjoyed this review very much! Your first picture, certainly capture the essence of this lovely set. In reality, I am in the Aviation line, especially aviation safety. Therefore, you re-entact the scene very well. To be honest, I have never seen this set before. This AES (Airport Emergency Service) Fire Truck is certainly unbelievable. I love it very much. It\'s a pity I never owned this. This is a set which give me a "5". Thanks of course for the flattery but, do you then from your profession understand what the purpose is of the front \'spouts\' that even can be hide, since that puzzles me. It can be that the LEGO designers thought it was a nice touch and didn\'t bothered about the realistic value of such a feature but I don\'t suppose that that is the case here.'], [0, "Perfect Perhaps the front sprouses are for foaming the runway? You've certainly kept that set in near mint condition, haven't you? Now all we can wish for is a new firetruck combining this L&S version and the new"], [1, 'I remember my cousins having this set. Both are in their permanent dark ages now but are not willing to give their Lego to me If you have one of those old airports, then this set is what you need to have even more fun since it makes a great addition to the airport. Excellent review! 10/10.'], [0, "JopieK, on Sep 8 2008, 12:24 AM, said: Thanks of course for the flattery but, do you then from your profession understand what the purpose is of the front 'spouts' that even can be hide, since that puzzles me. It can be that the LEGO designers thought it was a nice touch and didn't bothered about the realistic value of such a feature but I don't suppose that that is the case here. Somehow, I had just noticed your reply. To be honest with you, the AES in my country does not have front spouts in their fire engine. I do not remember seeing this feature before. It is a possibility that this feature is included in some models or an imaginative addition from our LEGO designers. I will need to check this out. KimT, on Sep 9 2008, 03:16 PM, said: Perhaps the front sprouses are for foaming the runway? That is a logical answer."], [0, 'Sometimes there\'s no need for a big ambulance; sometimes you only need a doctor to get there. Fast! Set data 7902: Doctor\'s car Year: 2006 Theme: City Subtheme: Emergency Pieces: 66 (3 extra) Price: 6 USD / EUR / 4 UKP (UK price may have been higher in the past) Building time: less than 10 minutes More info: Brickset - Peeron Box front: no frills, just the set. Box back: no alternate models, but "Designed for easy building and istant play". I still wonder if today\'s kids are lazier or dumber than my generation... Box content: 2 bags, loose car base, instructions, stickers. (not so) Random manual page: the evolution of SNOT tecnique on car lights. Set inventory: split into 2 pages! Stickers: Red Cross has gone a long time ago; here\'s Caduceus. Loose pieces: we\'re ready to start! Minifig and accessories: "What\'s up, Doc?" M.I.P. (Most Interesting Piece): it\'s SNOT time! Building starts: and it\'s fast and easy Notes: car has doors! and that black plate with rail helps so that the roof doesn\'t only weight on the windscreen. Complete model: top view "Container Cupboards": that\'s where Doc puts its accessories when driving. Sticker time: see the difference, with and without. Review and rating. Do you remember when Lego cars had doors? It seems so long ago... The car is simple; but as well as a set can be designed, this one doesn\'t look so realistic (isn\'t it what Lego has been doing over the last few years? Going realistic?) Doc is OK, but I guess many people would have wanted a female fig (and: brown eyebrows with black hair? that\'s odd ) As I said, no Red Cross, but a politically correct Caduceus on the roof and sides. Extra pieces: 1 small antenna and 1 1x1 decorated tile. Overall, a cheap way to own a doctor minifig and a nice vehicle to add to your town. Just above average. Rating: 3.5/5'], [1, 'I was going to get this, but instead I got someting else (Firetruck I think) Nice review!'], [0, 'i have this set the doors really dont much'], [1, "Nice review Cobra. Thanks for sharing. I esp. like the doctor's torso. I rate this little set a 4 based on the design of the vehicle and the classic doors. BLOGGED! EDIT: I must have missed this review after it was posted back in Sep. I went ahead and kept the blog, since it's always enjoyable to look at these reviews."], [0, "Name: Cargomaster crane Set No.: 6352 @ Peeron.com Theme: LEGO System / Town Year: 1991 Pieces: 133 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD $26.00 / GBP unknown / EUR €19,95 Aargh stupid tree! for more than fourty years this 'megabrick' has tormented our town! we need some help! Long before my dark ages LEGO released this relatively small set. since they didn't have a construction site like nowadays, they released these small road-works. I was only six years old and really into small sets since my ADHD didn't allow me to sit and build for long periods of time. So these smaller sets were ideal for me. The instruction booklet. The complete set. The set itself is not really a surprise to set up and play with. First you'll build the smaller parts of the set like the container and the small verhicle. No real surprises there, except for the smaller car that fits perfectly in the cargo container. Just pull off the seat and steering wheel, and the car just fits. The crane itself is just as easy to build as the smaller parts. just place bricks on top of eachother. Although you'll still have the wire to connect and pull through a diversity of bricks and plates. The carco container and small car. Being out of my dark ages really tunnelled my vision toward bigger sets and completing my town. This set really comes in handy if i need construction or traffic workers in my town, I can just MOC a few containers for tearing down trees, fixing traffic lights, and so on. Behold the mighty cargomaster crane! It's pretty easy to say that a set as simplistic as this one is not much fun to play with. However if you see the bigger potential in your town this one could be of great value to any city. Playability: 7/10 (with only one container it gets a bit boring) Design: 9/10 (it's small, and fits perfectly) Price: 7/10 (Average, but not really cheap.) Overall: 7.7/10 (a nice overall set if you're building on minifig scale) Gimme my pizza! Every town should have a pizzaria! more information: Bricklink search results Brickset Lugnet Edited by Crazydance, 07 September 2008 - 03:52 PM."], [1, "mhh maybe put the pizza horizontally ^^ and gimme some! It was a nice set, it's a nice little crane !"], [1, "Information Name: Fire Control Center Set No.: 4953 @ Peeron.com Theme: LEGO, Legoland Year: 1991 Pieces: 516 Minifigs: 4 Price: USD $85.00 / GBP unknown / EUR unknown Bricklink search results Brickset Lugnet Introduction This week I got the flu. so since I have to stay home and get better, I might as well make a review. It's one of the most amazing older city sets, thus making it a really valuable review. This is the story about four handsome firemen living in one of the most amazing city structures out there. The 6389 Fire control center. The box I actually didn't remember the box to be that small. (Borrowed from Peeron) The four hunky firemen Oh jeah what women doesn't like a man in a uniform The manual Even the manual is aging... but then again it's 17 years old! Review As you all know a city must have some standard civil services, like a hospital and a police station. A fire house also is a must for any lego city. This particular fire house is one of the most amazing sets ever to be released. In this cool set you get 4 minifigs, all fire fighters, two verhicles, and a helicopter Firefighters have to move around The futuristic fire truck is definately my favourite! Chief's car The smallest verhicle of the set, it's a small all-terrain jeep for the fire chief. pretty much a standard car in those days. a real simple layout, and a trunk which holds a small fire hose. It's lucky to be in this set, because it complements the whole thing The car Luckily it's red and it has de cool signs on the side. Helicopter Another great addition to the whole set is the helicopter. Again in a basic setup for that kind of verhicle at the time. This one has the nice addition of two hoses to put out the fires raging in lego city. The chopper No, it doesn't really fly Really cool fire truck thingy This fire truck is definately the best of the verhicles in this set. It's actually a futuristic model of fire trucks. I haven't seen any other fire truck like this. I saw a police truck like it though. but we're talking fire fighters right? Actually the whole thing han open up to reveal a number of fire fighting appliances such as a hose, a computer, and a oxygen tank. The fire truck click for bigger version! The main building actually looks kinda empty when the trucks and chopper are gone. However, this still is realistic compared to a real fire house. Also the front has those amazing sliding doors, which make this thing really look cool and clean. Off to fight a fire Main structure, with the slinding doors pulled down Actually those sliding doors are also the hard part of the model. Since all the bricks must be perfectly aligned, or else the doors will stutter. But if you're a little familiar with lego then you don't need to worry. From the back Enough room to play with I'm going to give my perspectives on each of the sides On the left we have the garage for the bigger fire truck. The only real flaw about this set is that this garage isn't long enough for the fire truck. This could have been solved by making it two or three studs longer. Notice the cool sunroof! In the middle we have the chief's office. complete with coffee machine, a diversity of computers, and a tape recorder, most likely to tape any incoming calls. A lot of details are crammed up in there. just like in the rest of the set. To the right is the helicopter platform. I really like the grey-blue-yellow of the platform because it doesn't look so red anymore. Don't get me wrong, red is a cool color, but not too much red! And the helicopter actually fits, and stays in place during playtime. The baseplate filled up This picture says it all. Again the four lego hunks are greeting all the ladies The minifigs are from a classic series, this happens with more of my lego sets. Bottom line is that this set is one of the best fire houses lego created. Verdict The build is pretty easy but takes a while to really see where you are with your building. It's nice to have a hospital from the same era, this create a more uniform look to your city. once you completed the model your baseplate is pretty filled up but still has a lot of opportunities. Playability: 10/10 (cool trucks, a chopper, and sliding doors, nuff said!) Design: 9/10 (insanely good design) Price: 10/10 (couldn't get better than this) Overall: 9.6/10 with a score like that one can only say... get one... NOW! Time to go home The trucks and chopper back on their rightful spots"], [0, "I have this one. The newer 6571 station is better in some ways, but I always liked the big airport-style fire engine in this and the windows covering the garages. One mod project I have in mind is to expand the base, adding a second room in the area beneath the control center. Interestingly, this set had two different box pictures. There was the original 1989 yellow Legoland box and a 1991 blue System box, and the blue box has the vehicles in different places. Quote Price: USD $85.00 / GBP unknown / EUR unknown If this is referring to the original price, it wasn't that much. $50 is more like it."], [0, 'This set looks real nice, but a Wall in the middle with a stair and a few desks/containers.'], [0, 'I think the 6382 Fire Station is the better one from the 80ies.'], [1, "Big Supie, on Sep 7 2008, 09:46 PM, said: I think the 6382 Fire Station is the better one from the 80ies. I agree, have that 6382 set for about 27 years now, but I have always like that one 'futuristic' truck when I was a child so I also still have some feelings for this set as well. @Crazydance: nice review after all!!!"], [1, "Big Supie, on Sep 7 2008, 08:46 PM, said: I think the 6382 Fire Station is the better one from the 80ies. I have 6382 and agree that it is a great set. It doesn't have a chopper like this set and the fire engine is not as flash. It does have a downstairs in the building though (at least a door and a front wall anyway!). It's nice to see a review of this set as it's one that I often looked at in the catalogue and thought of getting but never did. It's great to see the details that I otherwise would not have seen. I don't like the firemen with hair though! They should have helmets or caps IMHO! Thanks for the review! Cheers Rog"], [1, "This looks like a great set, I like the futuristic fire truck. That might be what I do with my Imperial Shuttle's glass cockpit."], [1, 'From memory Argos sold it originally for about £21 GBP. I seem to remember this as I could not afford the airport released the same year as this was about £29.99! Seems such a small amount of money now, Now have 2 copies of this set, only 1 boxed :-)'], [1, "Found this set on a flea Market in Munich, yesterday. Just 25 years after its release. The instructions for a total of five models, two of them printed, the other 3 are just photo instructions in the book. It still has the box in good shape, despite some wear from the age. Sadly five little pieces were missing, and 5 wrong pieces inside instead (2 complete wheels and a classic 80s-90s plane wing (dumped into my bricks). But I was able to replace the missing Minifig torch and the 4 missing plates with identical pieces from my collection. The Box and Contents The set still has the original box. Inside the pieces, plastic insert, instructions and a 1987 Technic catalogue, imagine that set livespan today. Four years and the 8841 is still in the catalogue. Classic technic design from early 80s showing a function drawing of the Steering and the main model A small set, but with a flap shoeing the contents. All pieces in the inner box and the papers included. 5th Model: Soapbox Racer This is more or less a soapbox racer with working steering, but no engine. It's got a rather blocky design, but still looks sleek enough and is a simple build little over 100 pcs out of 180. The Soapbox at step 2 Just included the steering at step 6 Completed and ready to race downhill. Total: 7/10 Simple, but effective 4th Model: Simple Chassis very simple and boring alternate using just 1/3 of the 180 pieces in the set. It even hasn't got a seat construction. It's just a plain steering mechanism attached on wheels with a spartan chassis of just a few pieces. This is the whole model at step 5 Just attach the steering mechanism and wheels and you're done Total: The worst alternate model of the complete set. Just a boring 4/10 3rd Model: Balance Very original small model. It's a small model of a working classic Balance. And it works with small parts laid on the scales, altough they've got just a 4x4 Footprint. IT's a fast build. just 15 minutes and you've done it. The model as it looks at step 3 Finished. Easy build with just 63pcs out of 180 Total: Very original model, it actually works with small weights, but a very simple build. Still a 7/10 Alternate Model: Tractor with equipment This is the second model. It's a simple but boxy design featuring a harrow and a plough. The tractor has a similar design to the very first tractor set, but much smaller. The plough is about 24-wide and the harrow is completely SNOTTED even back in 1983. Has two functions: Working steering and the coupler for the equipment. Uses almost all pieces of the set. The tractor at step 8, the steering isn't completely attached now This is the completed tractor The complete harrow Finished alternate with the plough attached. Total: Nice, but quite ugly and boxy design for a tractor with 4 wheels of the same size. Takes me to a 6/10 Main Model: Desert Racer This is the main model, with a nice (for early 80s) but boxy design. It has two functions. Steering and a working 1-cylinder rear engine, which is of the old 2x2 piston type, since the small piston design wasn't invented back then. This is the only model of the set, which has piece callouts in the instructions. The printed alternate model has no callouts, they weren't invented on both models back in 1983. The three smaller photo instruction alternates have a piece callout at the beginning showing all needed pieces. The seat is a nice, but blocky design and use a primitive SNOT technique. This is the model at step five. The piston is already attached. Imagine this state on step 5 in modern sets. Back then LEGO had challenging instructions, not the step madness like today This is the engine just made of plates with a hole in the middle for the piston Step 9. The piston engine is completed. On step 12 the roll bar and the seat are installed. Only the steering isn't completed yet. Front view of the finished model. Just 15 steps needed back then. Bird's eye view of the whole set Displayed on the box Model Verdict: Nice design, especially the colorful seat in SNOT technique, but quite boxy especially the engine, since there were only the huge pistons. Still a 9/10 Set Verdict: Design and Models: 7/10, very boxy designs, due to the age. The chassis alternate sucks Build: 9/10 Classic 80s technic building. Quite challenging but fun Sturdyness: 7/10: rear section damaged after the table fall, but rather easily fixed Fun: 9/10 Blast from the past. Overall: 8/10 mfg Widdi Edited by Widdi, 07 September 2008 - 04:11 PM."], [0, 'Nice classic set. Are those hoses around the engine pneumatic tubes? That Technic catalog looks interesting too. I have the catalogs for the next several years but not that one. Quote This is the model at step five. The piston is already attached. Imagine this state on step 5 in modern sets. Back then LEGO had challenging instructions, not the step madness like today The most extreme example of this was the engine step in the 8865 set, which uses over 120 pieces by itself.'], [1, "CP5670, on Sep 7 2008, 05:25 PM, said: Nice classic set. Are those hoses around the engine pneumatic tubes? That Technic catalog looks interesting too. I have the catalogs for the next several years but not that one. The most extreme example of this was the engine step in the 8865 set, which uses over 120 pieces by itself. The pneumatic tubes are listed seperately under x188. The classic hose is x467. I think they're just the same with just a single difference: The x467 seemed to be already cut in lenght instead of x188 which must be cut in lenght. mFg Widdi"], [1, 'great review! I really love the seat and the great possibilities with the alternate models. also congratulations for getting that set in perfect condition!'], [0, "Name: Electric Passenger Train Set No.: 7725 Theme: LEGO / SYSTEM / Trains / 12v / Train Set Year: 1981 Pieces: 485 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD 70.00$ (which equals about EUR 50€ and GBP 40£) Introduction: Our most favorite theme is 12V trains. Actually I got my first 77-series back in 1981 (5th of December, I was 2,5 years old) just a week before my brother was born. Some years later I got the 7740. After our Dark ages we (my brother, cousin and myself) got all 12V trains at least once. This 7725 was gathering dust in my brothers' room. The train in all its splendor. As you can see it doesn't occur at the back of the 12V era train instructions although its larger brother the 7740 does. Some investigation learned that all the sets at the back of the instructions date from 1980 so the 7725 wasn't released yet. Here you can see the front of the 7725 with the driver in the cockpit. The driver is in fact the only minifig that was included in the set. As you can see, our version of the train has a different front than the one in the instructions. Apparently the former owner used 7861 (Lighting Set (12 V)) to upgrade the train with working back- and frontlights. I like the original lights but didn't notice that the train had those double lights until I did the review. Maybe we will give the train again it's original signs and put custom LEDs in it or so so that the train can drive into two directions with accurately working lights. Another thing about the lights that puzzle me are the Backlights. While typing this I realise that the former owner might have added those, so let's have a look at the instructions then. As it turns out, the lights are there also in the instructions. I recently learned that only the last car or coach of a train has it's red lights on. So unless the train drives with only the front car it will never use those red backlights. Here you can see the cockpit with the engineer. The cables don't look very pretty but well, the train at least has working light. Here you can take a look at the inside of the engine car. While the 7745 has a nice 'fake engine' there, just the weight bricks and the ugly cables, apart from the engineer and his cockpit, no other nice features here. B.t.w. LEGO always used tiles in such a trains to make it easier for kids to take off the roof and have access to the minifig passengers etc. Here the 'proof' that it is an electric train. The pantograph of the front car. It has the same kind of panthographs that the 7745 has. The middle car has 4 chairs. As you can see, some vandal must have nocked over this one. Hope they leave the cables alone. This early morning train seems to have one passenger: a workman. I like the small 2x3 windows from this car very much! They give this care a nice look. Also the door in the middle adds something special to the train. As far as I know, no other passenger train has the doors in the middle. Here you see the side of the train, just after the train has left Brickingham Station where the worker, probably from set 6647 (Highway Repair) that was also released in 1980. A closeup of the last car with steering stand to allow the train to travel back and forth without having to 'make head', in other words: putting the engine in front again. The train, shunted to an end track so it can be cleaned (I think it is apparent that it definitely needs cleaning very badly). This set can be found on: Peeron Lugnet Brickset Bricklink entries Playability: 5/10 (The train is fine, but with only one minifig not very playable without other sets; also no accessories at all!) Design: 7/10 (Nice train, the inside could have been a lot better, but I really like to original front lights!) Price: 7/10 (the train came with motor so not a bad price, goes now for quite some money at eBay.) Overall: 6.5/10 (nice set but the 7745 is a better train I'm sure) Well that was it for today. I hope you have enjoyed this review and got tears in your eyes seeing how nice the 12V era was... It never comes back, but maybe LEGO rereleases some of this sets in the 2009+ train era (very likely that this is just wishful thinking). Edited by JopieK, 12 September 2008 - 04:56 PM."], [1, "A very nice review, JopieK! You know, I was wondering how LEGO could justify having two 12V-powered passenger trains at the same time, but after reading the review, and seeing the lack of figures and accessories, I guess I understand why (plus the train is rather compact). Oh, and I can't help but think that the chairs in the middle carriage are somewhat oddly placed, because those placed next to the door are unusable because the door takes up room needed for figs' arms. Also, it appears that your set also has the newer couplers, i.e. there's no hooks for the decoupling rail to grab hold of. With the light assembly it really won't matter, play-wise, or if you don't have any decouplers, but it's still a bit of a bummer."], [1, "Freddie, on Sep 7 2008, 11:52 PM, said: A very nice review, JopieK! You know, I was wondering how LEGO could justify having two 12V-powered passenger trains at the same time, but after reading the review, and seeing the lack of figures and accessories, I guess I understand why (plus the train is rather compact). Oh, and I can't help but think that the chairs in the middle carriage are somewhat oddly placed, because those placed next to the door are unusable because the door takes up room needed for figs' arms. Also, it appears that your set also has the newer couplers, i.e. there's no hooks for the decoupling rail to grab hold of. With the light assembly it really won't matter, play-wise, or if you don't have any decouplers, but it's still a bit of a bummer. The chair was just loose so it should be placed on the 2x2 plate that is also visible in the picture of the middle car. B.t.w. the front magnet is the old type. I have some decouplers but we don't use them because they are not really that reliable. LEGO just release a whole line of trains at the same time. I just discussed with my parents and they told be LEGO had those sets longer in store back then. I must have gotten the 7745 somewhere in 1983 or even 1984 although it was released in 1981. I started of with the 7710 (push along train) and then upgraded the tracks with current rails when I got the 7745."], [1, 'A nice old classic, the driver has a nice hat and torso, and the train is well designed, except for that thing on the roof.'], [0, "JopieK, on Sep 8 2008, 12:20 AM, said: The chair was just loose so it should be placed on the 2x2 plate that is also visible in the picture of the middle car. B.t.w. the front magnet is the old type. I have some decouplers but we don't use them because they are not really that reliable. LEGO just release a whole line of trains at the same time. I just discussed with my parents and they told be LEGO had those sets longer in store back then. I must have gotten the 7745 somewhere in 1983 or even 1984 although it was released in 1981. I started of with the 7710 (push along train) and then upgraded the tracks with current rails when I got the 7745. The 7745 was realsed in 1985 ;) Lego had 2 12V passengers trains between 1981 and 1984 (the 7740 & 7725) During the 80s the avergae life of a train was about 5 years."], [0, "JopieK, on Sep 7 2008, 11:20 PM, said: The chair was just loose so it should be placed on the 2x2 plate that is also visible in the picture of the middle car. That's not the one I was thinking of, it was the other two chairs towards the middle of the wagon that I was thinking of. If you try to seat a minifig in either of them, you'll quickly find that it's impossible, beacuse the door interferes with the figs' required personal space. If you move both of them one stud forward (so that the back of the seat lines up with the edge of the window), it'll solve the problem, and still leave space for a figs to be seated in the other chairs."], [0, 'giorgio, on Sep 8 2008, 11:23 AM, said: The 7745 was realsed in 1985 ;) Lego had 2 12V passengers trains between 1981 and 1984 (the 7740 & 7725) During the 80s the avergae life of a train was about 5 years. @Freddie: yups now I see what you mean! I checked the instructions and indeed the chairs are in the wrong place... Whoops, you are totally right, I meant 7740 instead of 7745 (fixed it)! Edited by JopieK, 08 September 2008 - 05:00 PM.'], [1, 'A great review for a great set. Thanks for sharing it with us. A like the older LEGO trains. BTW I think you need to fix this: Quote Name: Jetport Fire Squad (Light and Sound series)'], [1, 'A set from the "golden age of Lego". It brings back a lot childhood memories seeing this review. I was 5 and just starting to play with Lego around that time. I could look for hours the Lego catalogs dreaming of sets like this one. Thanks for this wonderful review!'], [1, "The best 12v legotrain is for me the 7740. The 7725 is still a goodlooking train and the only one with short wagons in a electric version. Before I started to with bricklink, I started to build this train in blue. I've build 4 trains of it and sold 2 of them. Still one for sale . You can also build this in other colors, like a yellow one: Or you can build a black version, which I made a death train of it. Driven by a skeleton . Edited by Panda9001100, 17 May 2009 - 08:01 AM."], [0, 'Are you going to review the other 12v sets if you have the time?'], [-1, "The images aren't working."], [0, "ZeldaTheSwordsman, on 30 December 2013 - 01:32 AM, said: The images aren't working. It's from 5 years ago, bro."], [0, 'I fixed the images, but indeed, the topic is quite old already.'], [0, 'Beach Cruisers Set #: 6445 Theme: Island Xtreme Stunts Year Released: 2002 Piece Count: 97 Minifigs: 2 List Price: $7 (USD) During a trip to Legoland California in 2002, their Big Store had a neat little display of some new sets and themes including Island Xtreme Stunts. The new theme offered great colors including orange, tan, and light blue; which immediately caught my eye. The theme focussed on island fun with some adventure, and included some great figs like the Brickster. I had to buy at least one set choosing Truck & Stunts Trike (review coming soon) at the time. The theme was short lived and many of the sets were on sale at discount toy stores not too long after their initial release. I picked up this set, 6445 Beach Cruisers for $3.33 (USD), which will be my first of three Island Xtreme Stunt reviews. Starting with the box, a race between the Street Surfer and Skate Boarder: The back shows some alternate models including a sail boat and jet ski: Same image on the instructions as the box: But the backside shows the Island Xtreme Stunts video game for different platforms: The set includes a small decal sheet for the skateboard: I love the two figs included within this set. One is a "hippie-type" with shades and leafed muscle short, and the other "Pizza Boy" skateboarder. Check out the "Pizza Boy" on his skateboard: Two green brackets are included for attaching each fig to the long grey bar. Using this piece, one can make the skateboarder do tricks and flips. The "street surfer" vehicle is pretty nice to: The sail is placed on a black bar and lance, then attached to the vehicle: Here\'s a picture of the vehicle. To me, it has that old "soap box derby" look to it - like something kids would create to race down a hill: The vehicle doesn\'t have a steering wheel, but rather two levers which I think work well in the cockpit: Here\'s the underside: The set has three neon orange wheels that attach to technic axle pins to attach to the vehicle: Lastly, the entire set with a few extra pieces: Final Thoughts While Island Xtreme Stunts is not the best City/Town sub-theme, esp. for the traditional Lego Classic Town fan, it does have some fun sets like this little beach cruiser. Good figs, a skateboard, and a very "rollable" (fun word equivalent to "swooshable" but for vehicles with wheels), vehicle. You can even blow on the sail to get it to roll across the floor. This set is a lot of FUN!'], [1, "Great review! I would buy the sets, but sadly TLC doesn't sell them anymore. I have one question only: How can you be reviewing at this time at night!?! I would never dream of doing that! Well I can't wait to see the other reviews!"], [0, 'lego12, on Sep 7 2008, 08:05 PM, said: I have one question only: How can you be reviewing at this time at night!?! Thanks for your comments Lego12. I did this review a few weeks ago and just now posted it. Remember also that we are on different time zones.'], [0, 'I had never seen these sets before in my retail stores before. However, I do remember the existence of its video games. Look like an interesting set for great outdoor enterainment and fun for LEGO citizens whom is out for real thrill and excitement. This theme never really got me excited back then. After reading your review, it\'s quite useful for some new addition to your town features, such as including a skater boy, holding the pizza instead of using the pizza van. The high fuel cost must have caught up to them, to resort using skate board for delivery. As for the street surfer vehicle, it\'s a cool looking vehicle with unique construction. Pardon me, I have not seen such design before. I will actually tear off the wheels, cover up the sides and used it for wind surfing! That\'s the whole idea. After giving some thoughts and weighs its factors, I will have to give it a "3" for this set. I will probably get it if its on sales. Once again, Brickster this is a lovely review which has showed us a new perspective of Island Xtreme Stunts.'], [1, 'Like WhiteFang I too only remember this line in computer game form. I used to love that game! I actually have never seen a review for an xtreme stunts set, so this was nice to see. As for the set, I think it looks pretty good. I really like the hippie guy. The windboard thing is nice as well, but looks a bit strange somehow. I give this set a solid 3 out of 5. Thanks for the nice review! Edited by Erdbeereis1, 08 September 2008 - 04:05 AM.'], [0, 'Nice review. I got this set not long after my ending of the dark ages. It was even then already on slae for just 5 euro. I like the figs and the vehicles. It were some of my first orange pieces. The Hippie Guy is called " Snap Lockit" and the Pizza Guy is called " Pepper Roni". I think the legodesigners had a cosy evening with much beer when they thought about the names. I think this line was the only line which was made first as computergame and after that as a real line instead of the other computergames based on already existing lines.'], [0, 'Wout, on Oct 16 2008, 01:00 PM, said: The Hippie Guy is called " Snap Lockit" and the Pizza Guy is called " Pepper Roni". I think the legodesigners had a cosy evening with much beer when they thought about the names. Thanks for that bit of info. I\'m not familiar with the computer game or the characters, although I may have heard the name Pepper Roni. Do you know the Island Girl\'s name (not included in this set though)?'], [-1, 'Her name was Sky Lane. It\'s quite sad, though, to actually play the game--the "Xtreme Tower" is the only set that made it into the game itself, and it was a really watered down version of the Information Center from the first two games. But the island was, in the game, filled with incredible buildings that would have made really cool sets.'], [0, 'Air Chase Woosh! The Brickster\'s seaplane flies over the beach quickly. Hippie Dude is in close pursuit on his hang glider. Fuel is running out for the Brickster\'s plane. Can Hippie Dude catch him before he either gets away or crash lands in the water... You decide, with Island Xtreme Stunts Air Chase. Set #: 6735 Theme: Island Xtreme Stunts Year Released: 2002 Piece Count: 83 Minifigs: 2 List Price: $10 (USD) A nice addition to the Island Xtreme Stunts theme, Air Chase includes two air vehicles; a seaplane and hang glider. The set has nice Island colors inclusing white, light blue, and orange. Also includes in the set are some great chrome pieces for the Brickster\'s airplane wings. Starting with the box. You can see Hippie Dude in close pursuit: The back of the box depicts some nice alternate jet skis: Same front box picture on the instructions: And on the backside, pictures of the video game: Air Chase includes two nicely detailed figs, Hippie Dude (for lack of his official name), and the Brickster: Here\'s a picture of the orange hang-glider: And the underside: Unfortunately, the hang-glider is too heavy to be held up by a minigig. While I like the brick-built glider for the extra pieces, the plastic wing pieces from the Ninja theme would have worked effectively and be a lot lighter. I think the seaplane is the best part of the set: Here\'s a shot of the front end. I like the skeletal shark/fish design. What\'s great is none of the pieces use stickers. They are all printed: Including the tail end: Although the cockpit has no steering wheel or lever piece, it does have a very nice printed 1x2 tile: The wings of the airplane have hinges to allow them to fold inward slightly: Also notice the nice chrome/silver pieces. Here\'s a shot of the underside of the seaplane: And lastly, the complete set: Final Thoughts: Air Chase is another one of those "fun" Island sets. Two figs with two vehicles make a perfect combination for creating some dog-fights in the air. At the same time, the Brickster\'s plane can land in the water to explore other adventure play opportunities. This set is also a nice addition to the Island Xtreme Stunts Truck & Stunt Trikes (6739). The seaplane can be hauled by the large semi-truck included within 6739. Hope you enjoy this review.'], [-1, 'Nice review. Is that one minifig breaking out of prison? (Just wondering about his clothing.) The worst thing is the name. Anything with Xtreme in the title almost deserves the lowest score possible on principle.'], [0, 'Hippie dude? Thats Snap Lockitt, Island Xtreme is one of the best themes ever, Im trying to get the sets off Bricklink, thanks fo the review I need this now.'], [0, "Thanks for the review! I loved this theme, it had some of the greatest pieces ever arranged in any theme, brilliant printed parts and figures, and some good colours. Snap Lockitt (Hippie Dude ) is a great figure with a cool name, I own him from another set, but unfortunately not this one. It looks like a very good set, no stickers and good printed parts too. Nice review. Pencoin, on Sep 9 2008, 05:21 PM, said: Hippie dude? Thats Snap Lockitt, Island Xtreme is one of the best themes ever, Im trying to get the sets off Bricklink, thanks fo the review I need this now. Hahaha. That made me laugh for some reason... I don't know why though, I agree with it."], [0, "Shoc, on Sep 9 2008, 05:55 PM, said: Thanks for the review! I loved this theme, it had some of the greatest pieces ever arranged in any theme, brilliant printed parts and figures, and some good colours. Snap Lockitt (Hippie Dude ) is a great figure with a cool name, I own him from another set, but unfortunately not this one. It looks like a very good set, no stickers and good printed parts too. Nice review. Hahaha. That made me laugh for some reason... I don't know why though, I agree with it. I have him as well, I got him from the orange jet-ski set."], [1, "This is a really nice small set I think. It fascinates me that those are actual printed parts. That's something we don't see too often anymore. The figures are very good, although I must say I like the name Hippie Dude better than Snap Lockitt. Does anyone know why the Brickster has one blue hand? Thanks for the great review! Edited by Erdbeereis1, 09 September 2008 - 06:45 PM."], [-1, "It is not very often that I rate a Legoset 'poor' (it's the first time actually), but in this case I had no other option. The idea of this set is good, and I like the mostly yellow minifig, but the design of both the airplane (weird 'window'-piece, a propellor that is way too small, minimal skies underneath and a strange colourscheme) and the hangglider (two handlebars on the wings, too many colours) makes the set mark the essence of LEGO's downfall during those years. I really appreciate the fact that you made a review of this set, Brickster, it made me look into the details of 6735, but I am just as sure today as I was back then: I will never buy this. Anyway, thanks for the review, the quality of the set may be a disapointment your review certainly is not"], [0, "I knew this set looked familiar... thank you, Brickster for bringing one of my first Lego sets ever back to my memory. Unfortunately, I don't have many of the pieces left... but thank you!"], [1, 'Hello all Eurobricks members and Town Lovers, Today, I will be doing up a review on Glade Runner set. This is a very small set which is slightly bigger than the current impulse set. It\'s part of the Race theme which involved in land and sea racers back in the early 1990s. I just love these orignal race themes which is produced back then. Name: Glade Runner Theme: LEGO System / Town / Race Year: 1993 Pieces: 29 Minifigs: 1 Price: USD$3.25 An image of a 6513, Glade Runner Swamp race shall begins This glade runner is pretty nice looking with its sleek sports look. Well, for a glade runner in the water, it certainly looks much impressive. Somehow, I felt that the 6513 is aligned with the 6514 Trail Ranger. I always had that perception that both vehicles are brothers and was released under the same year. In fact, Glade Runner was released in 1993 based on Peeron information. I always felt that this set is used for Investigators or Police to used for tracking or search purposes in the swamp areas instead of using it for a race. I will place this set in the jungle, somewhere like Brickster\'s jungle settings. Although it looks too bright for such serious agenda, but I think it\'s pretty useful to use it this way. They can rent it from the nearby shop and used it to search. It kind of reminded me of the movie, US Marshals which acted by Tommy Lee Jones and Wesley Snipes. Meet the ace Please pardon his trousers. I did not bleach it earlier. (It was caused overtime without adequate caring to the minfig. Look at this great article on how to protect your LEGO!) The driver wears a green vest with patch pockets on both sides. This is my favourite design during that period. It comes with a yellow lifevest too. As for the 1x4 printed tile with 3 stars shining in front of the runner, it\'s a very nice printed tile that can be used for other racing purposes in other sets as well. Overall design The built is very simple and yet so realistic. Making use of the aeroplane tailhead to add as the holder for the rotor is smart. The white bricks acting as a platform for both sides to hold the driver to sit onto the centre with the steering wheel at the front. I am very happy with this design. Place the glade runner in front of the fan with a reasonable fan speed. You will see the rotor runs like a charm. Different angles of the vehicle Close encounter with the "Swamp Sharks" coined by Brickster! See you later To conclude, this is a very nice little set that can provide much fun. I don\'t really used it to race in the waters. Instead, I leave it to my imagination and used it for police investigation purposes such as air crash excerise, search and rescue operations and etc. I think it can provides quite a fun loving experience. Although, the set might not be very appealing to some people, but I find it very fun to play around and is one of my favourite sets in the 1990s where I placed it with my 6514 Trail Ranger together. Summary review Playability: 8.5/10 (I leave it to your imagnination.) Design: 9/10 (Very simple yet realistic design.) Price: 10/10 (A very inexpensive set. Great way to buy such small sets at a low price.) Overall: 8.5/10 (Glade Runner is not common in Town and City theme. It\'s not a must to have it, but if you ever come across it. Do get it) I gave it a "4" based on my Review Score Card. What about yours? Hope everyone of you enjoyed reading this simple review of mine. Comments and Critics are strongly welcomed. Pictures can be found in My Brickshelf (When moderated)'], [1, "Thanks for the nice review WhiteFang! I quite like this set. The front looks a bit bare, but for a small set like this, it doesn't really matter. This set gets a 4 from me as well."], [0, 'Thanks Erdbeereis1 for your kind words. Glad you liked this set. Just wondering whom has rated poor and below average. I will like to know why you voted this way. Perhaps, you could share with me and the rest on your thoughts and views.'], [1, 'Nice Review White Fang. This really reminds me of an "All-American" set with its Red, White, and Blue Colors (and the white stars). Although I really like the fig with its scruffy bearded face, I find the green torso a bit odd for this set. I suppose I would expect some sort of red/blue racer fig with a white/blue racing helmet. Swamp Sharks - too funny! . You always add a nice addition of humor to your reviews. Now I\'m going to check out some Wonder Woman clips on YouTube.'], [1, 'One of my favourite sets! Me and couple of buddies got this set back then. The fig was so cool, sun glasses, fast boat....'], [1, 'I love the classic sets of that era and a great review helps show off the simplicity of some older sets.'], [1, "What would we do without the trucks of LEGOland to clean up our town? Well, I didn't want to find out, so I bought this set straight away! 7991 Recycle Truck Set Info Set Name: 7991 Recycle Truck Released: 2007 Theme: City Price: USD 14.99-GBP 12.99-EUR 14.95 Pieces: 206 Minifigs: 1 Review Time! Leading off, the box The front shows the recycle man loading up... The trash can? One thing here is really bizarre. On LEGO S@H and everywhere else, it says that this set is called Recycle Truck. Which makes sense as it has a recycle logo on the truck. However, on my box, it says the set is called Garbage Truck Has this happened to anyone else? Or is it just me... Here is the back of the box which shows some of the things you can do with this set. The Bags With this set you get 3 bags which are numbered. And do you see what I see? Yes, that's right, the DSS is in a bag so it doesn't get bent! Why TLG doesn't do this more often is beyond me... Bag #1 The set comes with a very nice selection of pieces. A large number of these are orange. Manual Silly me, I forgot to take a picture of the front of the manual. The picture is the same as on the front of the box. The back shows some of the 2007 city sets in a nice little scene. And inside. Minifig Here is the friendly garbage/recycle man. He looks nice but with the same head as so many other city figs before him. Come on TLG! Give us some new heads! The Sticker Sheet The stickers actually are pretty decent as far as stickers go. I like the recycle sign. After Bag #1 This is where we stand after the first bag is built. Bag # 2 The parts contained in the second bag. More nice orange pieces here. Extra Parts Some nice 1x1 slopes and 1x1 round plates. Everything Built Now that everything is built, let's check it out! The design of the set is very nice and the color scheme looks great. When you see it, you immediately know what it is. The back has a droid arm that acts as a handle to dump the trash/recycling in the truck. It's simple, but works well. Here you can see the dumping mechanism. It works by a sliding technic beam with a stopper On top of the truck you can store the worker's cart. This works really well. I think though that the top of the truck overall looks a bit jumbled up with a few too many different colors. The bottom. Trash dumping time! This is a good feature of the set. A very well built SNOT front section. This looks fantastic with the grills and number plate sticker. Someone has left a big mess on the street... Brickshelf Folder Ratings! Price: 10/10 (For $15 this is a very good deal at 206 pieces) Parts: 9/10 (Lots of orange) Design 9/10 (A very well designed set. Especially the front) Playability 9/10 (The trash dumper is fun and the added broom and cart make for good play value) Build: 8/10 (Simple, but stayed interesting) Overall:45/50 Brickset LEGO S@H Bricklink Peeron Taking out the trash... Summary This is a great small set for the price with fun features, nice colors and good design. I would certainly recommend this set, no matter what it's really called Thanks, and happy building!"], [1, "This is one of those sets that make me really want to start building up a city. It's a great value, has a lot of useful pieces, and is just plain fun to play with. I do miss vehicles having doors though. Great review. I was a bit curious as to how the dumping mechanism worked. As well as the sticker count."], [1, "Yeah, the name on this set is strange. I think all the boxes say Garbage Truck. I guess it's up to each builder to decide whether 1x1 round plates are recyclable material or not. It's a great model in any case. I love these highly detailed city trucks we've been getting during the last year or two. I used to have a preference for the late 80s/early 90s city line but some of these new sets have really surpassed them in detail and functionality."], [1, 'nice truck indeed, but the yellow one is better I think, at least if you put them on a roadplate it seems to me that those road plates are too small for that. Also it will not empty completely because of that panel. Well, for the rest it is a nice set and a fine review!'], [1, "I own this set and I think it's a really nice truck, but there is two little details that I didn't like : 1/ a recycle truck really Needs 2 minifig, one to drive, one to put the garbage on the back. 2/ the big hole behind the driver seat, it was easy to fill it Like this : with hole POUF ! no more little hole! but this is really a great set anyway. 4/5 for me ( above average )"], [0, 'Nice review. This is a very nice vehicle, one of my favorite of the newer city ones. JopieK: There are two generations of road plate that are wide enough for six-wide vehicles like this. The current plates are dark grey with plain white printing, and look not great in my opinion. The previous ones are imo the best road plates of all time - green with dark grey road, white dotted line/zebras, drain covers and yellow verge markings (just like we really have here in Ireland). For urban area I would still choose the green-edged plates and just cover up the green - the markings are so much better than the current plates.'], [1, 'trop beau'], [1, "JopieK, on Sep 10 2008, 01:45 AM, said: Also it will not empty completely because of that panel. Actually, it does. The back part of the truck with the panel hinges up, so that when you want the truck to dump, it doesn't get in the way."], [1, "Erdbeereis1, on Sep 10 2008, 05:38 PM, said: Actually, it does. The back part of the truck with the panel hinges up, so that when you want the truck to dump, it doesn't get in the way. I should have taken a better look at the one my brother has ;) It still is a nice truck, much better than all the strange sets that were release those 'dark ages' before."], [1, 'A good set, with a nice color scheme. I still prefer the last one that had a removable bin.'], [1, 'What a great set and a very nice review Erdbeereis. I think the only improvement to this set would have been the use of chrome exhaust pipes and front grill. I bought this set with a lot of excitement, but unfortunately have not put it together yet. What are your thoughts on these larger 6-stud wide detailed vehicles as opposed to 4-stud wide classics? Here\'s an image of 6668 Recycle Truck released in 1992: PS. I like the use of "taking out" Sponge Bob in your review.'], [1, "This looks like a great set, and I'm happy you were dumping spongebob, he deserves that. This set looks very nice, and if I see it I will probably pick it up."], [-1, 'TheBrickster, on Sep 11 2008, 09:21 AM, said: What a great set and a very nice review Erdbeereis. I think the only improvement to this set would have been the use of chrome exhaust pipes and front grill. I bought this set with a lot of excitement, but unfortunately have not put it together yet. What are your thoughts on these larger 6-stud wide detailed vehicles as opposed to 4-stud wide classics? Here\'s an image of 6668 Recycle Truck released in 1992: PS. I like the use of "taking out" Sponge Bob in your review. It\'s hard to say... I think if the older 4 wide cars and trucks were as well-designed as the new 6 wide ones, I might prefer those.'], [1, 'Thanks for this review. I really love this set. It\'s perfect for my town, and brings a sense of "classic" when I see it.'], [1, "Thanks for the review! This is one of the few CITY sets that I own (despite loving the theme so much, most of my town is either custom or classic), and it's about as beautiful as a big garbage truck can ever be. Quote nice truck indeed, but the yellow one is better I think, at least if you put them on a roadplate it seems to me that those road plates are too small for that. Also it will not empty completely because of that panel. Well, for the rest it is a nice set and a fine review! Well, the truck BARELY fits onto the old roadplates (not on curves though), so if you put it in a display it probably won't look bad. I think from what I see, this and all the other 6 wide vehicles will fit much better on the newer roadplates, which are four studs wider than the old ones."], [0, 'Hi, I bought this set a while ago, and have since remodeled it into a larger 8 wide truck. Now it can hold a driver and passenger. Its kind of boxy, I may redesign it in the future.'], [1, "That's a really nice mod badsneaker! The added bulk serves it well."], [1, 'That looks like one of those big strange recycle trucks from new york city, i like it!'], [-1, "I like this set, but I can't give it a good grade for playability, as the rearmost hinging section is too stiffly hinged, so when you open it, it's likely to break if you hold it just over the shovel and broom. My truck thus has that function, and with it of course the whole container tipping, disabled. I also moved the cab a bit forward and the front axle rearward to give the cab the typical garbage truck look, as they are often very low slung. This also created space behind the cab for some equipment."], [0, 'metalandi, on Sep 20 2008, 03:37 PM, said: That looks like one of those big strange recycle trucks from new york city, i like it! Thanks guys, its nice to see other people modding the existing design too!'], [1, 'Nice review I REALY need to pick up this set! and the Cement Truck too!'], [0, 'It would be cool if someone made a MOC in which hippies steal the truck and cover it with flowers and bright colors and stuff!']]